
On tonight's episode of MGRPG, we went to meet Anime Sherlock Holmes. He was convinced that Set, Loki, and Dionysus are an issue. 
We followed Macavity to see Moriarty. Moriarty wants us to gear Sherlock on the right direction.
Sarah ran off and did secret shit.
The group all got psychosphere cellphones, which Sarah tried to instantly turn off, and Finn was dumb and rolled a nat1 on something where he didn't have to roll, causing dumb shit to occur, and Placer to storm off in a power-walk-of-venting.
We were planning on talking with Batman, or finding other Detectives/Thieves to help us gather intel on the Dreameater. Moriarty said he'll get back to us with how to get Sherlock on the right path. (Sebastian still hasn't gotten back to us, either, for the record)

IN TONIGHT'S EPISODE:
The party is split! Nyala spends time in a library, Sarah builds a car, Talia hitches a ride from Shazam to the Underworld, and Placeholder is confronted by Fisk before meeting with Xanatos to discuss his own secret machinations. 
Will the party remain split for long? Will Placeholder ever stop being an awful person and get that sweet character development properly? Find out next time on Magical Girl Z!
Also reminder, Ollie also is supposed to get back to us. So that makes Sebastian, Ollie, and Moriarty who are going to contact us eventually.
Also we just finished playing Night 4 Part 2, for the record. 

NIGHT 4 PART 3: 
Talia meets James Wood Hades and parties in Hell, chatting up all of the Underworld, trying to persuade a Status Quo Shift in the Psychosphere; Placer meets Batman Beyond Bruce and activates a Boom Tube into The Void; and Madeline and Sarah meet Batman Beyond Terry, the Sarah-mobile getting trashed in a fight between Terry and Ace(Robot) and damage happens because combat dice are the best dice. 

Night 4 Part 4:
The split-party finally comes together! Placeholder gets the Mark Of The Outsider from Dishonored, Talia steals Placer's phone, the party meets and recruits Batman, gets a message from Martian Manhunter that Superman is likely going to be friendly, and Sarah suggested to the party that they lay low for a while to let heat cool down as well as let the NPCS do the recruitment and gathering.
Sarah also gets a workshop-space in which to repair and spruce up the Sarah-mobile as well as other stuff.
End of Night 4.

Beginning of Day 5:
Sarah continues her tinkering, Madeline gathers more data from her Dad, and Placer has a conversation with Mae in the cafe. 

Night 5 Part 1: Events unravel and experimentations occur
Conversations happen, too
Placer and Talia are bad influences on each other. 

Sarah is doing secretive things and picked either the best or worst possible collaborator

Session ended on Talia returning to the Dreaming and discovering that her Psychosphere Inventory stayed with her.

Night 5 Part 2:

Sarah has developed a (work in progress) method of trapping the Demon Pillbug in Sarah's dreamscape without (hopefully much) risk of damaging Sarah.
Paul Blart has memory problems; he's remembering films from Sarah's future. 
Oh, also Mae has replaced Talia in the psychosphere for the moment.

Night 5 Part 3: Exposition Dumbp™️

Mae tells Madeline that maybe Madeline and the group should work harder at sticking together and not splitting the party all the time.; if they group up, they're stronger together yadda yadda sappy shit.
Sarah gets terrible luck and loses her magical talking rock and gets knocked out. She now owes Enokida (Hakata Tonkotsu Ramens) in the Black Market two favours. 
Orion locates the Junkyard, and Placer pulls him into his dreamscape, where Orion currently is just kinda running rampant. Placer'll probably deal with him later.
Paul Blart is sequestered to Madeline's dreamscape to be kept safe.
Mae, Madeline, and Placer meet Kevin James and Co in Madeline's dreamscape where they discuss the lore and backstory and explain why Paul Blart "knows things". 

We left off with Placer asking about the AI mentioned in the Exposition Dumbp™️, and it turns out the Avatars are spinoffs of that AI, so Placer and Nyala summon their Avatars. At the sight of Placer's Avatar, Kevin James Co freaks out. 

Night 5 Part 4: Talking and Chases (which is basically the whole show but more applicable here than normally)

THE RUMOR COME OUT: DOES SARAH HARTEGAN IS GYNOID? 
We informed Sarah of the whole Exposition Dumbp™️ (Minus the facts that A: A different time-traveler was supposed to come back instead of Sarah, and B: Sarah can never go back to her timeline, according to Kevin James Co.) (Also Placer let slip that he's "confident Sarah isn't going to damage the timeline" by keeping secrets.)
Sarah confided in Placer that she is a gynoid (to which Placer could not give less of a shit), and she also promised to always keep her phone on.

We then discovered that The Golden Arrow from Jojo's is currently in Orion's possession, and after Sarah chases Placeholder trying to get him to consent to them penetrating his mind, he loses her and gets Mae to help him instead. 
While the crew goes to chill in Talia's Office-Space Mind (and Sarah builds a BFG), Mae and Placer get to try (and fail) to confront Orion, who doesn't want to leave and instead wants to take over Placer's mind (and is doing so rather quickly). 
Placer eventually agrees to let the other members join in the hunt (Mae MVP) and then confides in Mae that "Timothy" is his biggest secret. 
Placer and Mae return to the Clubhouse to rest and invite the group to meet up in hopes to get the party to unite in order to all participate in the Journey Into Placer's Mind in hunt of Orion. 

Night 5 Part 5: Episode of Placeholder 


After calling all the group together, the group pushes Placer out of the room before planning on what to do with Orion. They decide a Misinformation Campaign might be the wisest solution - muddy the waters on the information Orion can report back to Zeus before returning Orion to the Psychosphere. (Or just kill him, as Sarah suggests.)

The party enters Placer's mind and finds stuff. Lotsa memories. Most of them discovered by Sarah. Link to memory archive above. 
They also discover a mysterious black room-void-thing that Placer hadn't encountered before; a room with a rose-stem handle and that, when his Avatar looked into, started bleeding black from her eyes. But that's probably not a big deal.
(Also note to self, pick up the chains 'cause they're a cypher)

The party also discovers that Placer betrayed them back in the day - that time when the party tried to enter Estelle (Black)'s Dreamscape to heal her, and the villains all were there already and disconnected Estelle from the Dreaming? Yeah, that's how they knew. Placer sold them out in exchange for them promising to not hurt the Davis family.
So that was a fun revelation.

The party then confronts Orion and Madeline manages to use scorpions lure him out of the Room Of Bad Thoughts, into Placer's Dungeon Core room. Which, while there's no psychic AOE damage, still contains Placer's Heart, which probably isn't the best thing to have combat around. 

Night 5 Part 6: This episode brought to you by the number 4. (Because we both rolled a lot of 4s and had a lot of difficulty-4-s.) 

We locked Orion in the Clubroom, and also Placer's heart-crystal cracked and is leaking some light-aura so that's probably not good.
Otherwise, the entire party is damaged and tired and just wants to go rest. 
We're going to go and do some Downtime next session and do the interrogating of Orion and other stuff.

(Mae and Talia saw the heart-crystal's crack, but we don't think anyone else did.) 

Saturday, Night 6 Part 1: Finn didn't come up with a title and this session took place many months ago so... Title Unknown.
Madeline informs Sarah of the fact that Sarah can't go back in time, and then Madeline gets a folder from Keith detailing all the people who were harmed by the Conspiracy, and Keith explains that the only secrets he kept from Madeline (like Placer's Betrayal) was out of fear of her abandoning the mission.

Placer talks with Madeline in the Spider Petting Zoo, and then Placer contemplates the nature of friendship with Mae in the Cafe. He concludes by calling her his friend.

The group meets up and discusses strategy in the park, and then goes into the Dream Clubhouse. They get information that the Golden Arrow is in Artemis' temple, and then red-herring the shit out of Orion before wiping his memories of everything that happened in the dreamscape.

Talia "takes care" of Orion, leaving a bad-smelling puff of smoke (I only rolled twice this session and they were both nat-1s, still salty. Nobody suspects Talia.), and then the group goes into Placer's mind in order to investigate the Black Door.

We leave off with the group in Placer's mind ready to explore the Dark Room, Sarah still wants to contact Kevin James Co. 
Madeline deduced that it might be possible to poison the Dreameater by having it feed off the "opposite of consciousness" whatever that is (yet to share with group) and Madeline also discovered that any memories psychosphere-entities develop while in the dreaming are considered "dreams" and can therefore be stolen, so we can just mind-wipe anyone we steal away into here.
(Also Kelly thought there was something else she wanted to discuss with Keith but couldn't remember, we can flashback to that if we need to though) 

Saturday, Night 6 Part 2: Rose's Room, Recursing, and Rem Lezar.

Sarah enters Kevin James' dreamscape, and explains that her future isn't exactly great, and she kinda stole her time machine. She wants to go back to her timeline 'cause she kinda has family there - Kevin James says she has a new family now. (Also Kevin knows that Sarah isn't biological).
Sarah won't give up, regardless of whether or not she can truly go back to the future and save her family.
They discuss time-travel stuff, which I put in references.

After duct-taping his cracked heart, Placer leads the group through the Rose Door into that Mindscape Labyrinth from Yugioh. 
We discover that there's apparently two Roses - Computer-Interface Rose in the Dreamscape, and Imprisoned Rose in the Escher Labyrinth. 

No other party member's avatar is trapped, Sarah has an avatar which appeared before Sarah arrived in our timeline, and Talia's avatar is officially nicknamed "Shrug". 

The avatars go into a room to go play a TTRPG where they try to save Riel Namuh, meanwhile the party discovers the Server Room, in which they find the Master Control Program coincidentally happens to look like that blue guy nobody in the party actually knows about Rem Lezar.

Placer tries to tell all the party's avatars to lead their respective host into their own avatar-rooms whenever they're next in their own dreamscape (that's not confusingly worded at all) and then discovers a door to The Darkest House, which Tracey manages to stop Sarah from entering. 

Saturday, Night 6 Part 3: Tangle of Secrets and Technical Difficulties 

Sarah scouts out the Artemis Temple and meets up with Orion who seems to only have a vague idea who Sarah is.

Madeline explores her Avatar Room and the dreamscape in general, researching what the “opposite of consciousness” would be (she has informed the group of this concept offscreen.) Her “research clock” is at 1/6.

Talia and Placer exchange secrets in Talia’s dreamscape – after Placer giving Talia permission to explore his dreamscape in order to investigate the mystery of the Dual Roses, the two of them go to Hadestown to ask Hades about whether he knows when people respawn in the Psychosphere. Talia admits to Placer she killed Orion.

The group then plans a heist of Artemis Temple – Sarah has a Temporary Speed Force ability, Placer can disguise himself and infiltrate, and the other two... we didn’t plan their roles during the heist. We probably should do that before the next session. 

Saturday, Night 6 Part 4: Detective Placer, Disguise-Maker Madeline, Devotee Sarah, Talia.
Sarah goes and plays with Squirrels and Panthers and Golden Eggs in the forest during her trial to become a worshiper of Artemis, 
Placer goes some base-level investigation of the layout of Artemis' Temple before meeting up with Artemis and Zeus and noping out of there (The Golden Arrow is not on the First or Lower floor of the temple),
Talia meets up with Sebastian and discuss the list of Allies recruited before receiving invitations for Bulma's birthday party this evening, 

Saturday, Night 6 Part 5: Heist v1, Party v1
Madeline's “research clock” is at 2/6.
Sarah disguises herself as Reverse Flash, and gets shot by Artemis in the vault. She places a magic mirror and then disconnects out-of-view of Artemis. 
Talia goes off and presumably investigates the Dual Rose situation (apparently Talia's avatar knows about the two roses? investigate later)
The party then boards the Sarahmobile and drives over to Bulma's party.
Sarah outfits the Sarahmobile with an exotic speaker system only to discover the party is on a cruise liner, much to her dismay. 
Talia listens to Placer be introspective as he ponders why he's got a martyr-complex - he concludes by blurting out "COMPLIMENTS!" before going proper tsundere, blushing and walking away. 

Madeline discusses the opposite of consciousness. with a bunch of necro-scientists. Dr. Bleak says he'll look into it and gives Nyala his Vivre card, Victor Frankenstein exchanges phone numbers.
Hib reprimands us for not reading every book he recommends, as Sarah tries to learn how to swordfight with Gideon the Ninth or whoever. 

Saturday, Night 6 Part 6: Sarah gets fucking bodied.

Future Trunks suggests to Sarah the idea of bringing her family here.
Talia talks with Bulma - if we have a piece of the Dreameater, she can make a radar. (Gus Shepard might be useful after all. Good job, Placer! ... Shame Placer forgot about Gus, though, so someone else in the group will have to mention it to him.)
Madeline acquires another Vivre Card (with a character I've forgotten) as they discuss the idea of fusing void-light traps with telepaths.
Sarah encounters some goons trying to steal the Dragon Balls and instantly attempts to body them, before getting bodied by Trunks. Placer calms the situation, then scolds Sarah for being reckless.
Talia talks with Vegeta and Goku about joining the war.
The group meets up to discuss the idea of Sarah using the hyperbolic time chamber (with potentially Kevin James) to advance her time-travel research.
Placer cheekily stashes an explosive by the Dragon Ball door as the group heads back to the party in order to enter the Bingo Tournament. 


Saturday, Night 6 Part 7: This would make a very boring episode of an anime.

Bingo! 
As cheating runs rampant in the Bingo tournament, the group discusses the idea of maybe spending time together - going to the cinema or something. Nyala and Sarah are open to the idea, Placer suggests that he's okay with them texting an invite to him. Talia doesn't seem receptive to the idea.

Placer and Talia discuss the idea of Talia maybe being more friendly, but Talia (while seeming receptive to the idea) shoots down the conversation due to the venue not being best-suited for private talks. Also Placer definitely doesn't flirt with Talia. Placer is incapable of feeling love or attraction to anyone. Any accusations to the contrary are false. 

Madeline manages to warp Sarah's card to win the Dragon Balls, though we get away with it mostly 'cause it was Sebastian who verified our card's authenticity. 
We should probably iron out the wording of the wish on the dragon balls beforehand

Saturday, Night 6 Part 8: Hib decides it's a good idea to have teams of NPCs fighting each other. He immediately regrets this decision.

Placer and Talia go into a dark corner and talk about intimate things. Like how Talia should start sharing her ideas with Placer, who promised to not try to stop her if she does share ideas and then acts on them. Talia invites Placer to join her for lunch in her dreamscape tomorrow. They are definitely not flirting. 
Sarah gets healed by Dende who, alongside Bulma, is very helpful in providing data about the Dreameater and Shenron's abilities. Talia takes Bulma's business card. 
The group meets up to discuss plans for what to wish about. 
We eventually agree to wish for the ability to communicate with the Dreameater. Placer volunteers to make the wish, but Freeza and co show up before the dragon can be summoned. 

Dragon Ball locations: Three in glove compartment, one in the ocean, one with Guldo and Tracey, two with the freeza force. 
Tracey currently has two friendly-fire grenades materialized as she goads Guldo into taking her far away from the fight, seducing him before she can blow him up and take his dragon ball.

Talia is currently evanesced and near Recoome.

Sarah is buzzing the ship in an airborne VW bus firing sonic blasts from the speakers on the roof, which is fucking absurd and completely awesome

Madeline is in the centre of the fight

Saturday, Night 6 Part 7: Fighting, Freaky Friday, and Finally Ending Night 6.
Placer seduces Guldo before killing him, and then goes on Dragon Ball Collection Duty. 
Talia gets Freaky Friday-ed with Ginyu, and takes him to the Clubhouse in response. They swap back right before Sarah arrives, leaving poor Madeline alone on the battlefield. 
As Placer gets Goku to help him collect Dragon Balls, Talia rolls 8s and doubles and fails. A lot. Ginyu proves to be harder to kill than anyone would like. 
Madeline puts up a valiant fight, but gets beaten down until eventually Placer assists in her escape to the Clubhouse, where she arrives just in time to see Talia and Sarah kill Ginyu.
Meanwhile Placer tricks Jace and Burter into trusting him, and then backstabs them. While he takes out Burter no problem, Jace proves to be more of an issue, but thankfully divine intervention in the form of Freeza's body being flung into Jace eliminates that issue. The Z Fighters beat Freeza's army, and Vegeta blows up their ship as they retreat.
As the group recuperates from the battle, Placer rounds up all the dragon balls and they all reconvene on Bulma's Ship, where they finally get to make their wish.
Placer beats Hib's attempt to folly his wish by being overly specific, which grants him a Blackberry Razor cellphone which can communicate with the Eldritch Monstrosity from Beyond Spacetime or wherever it's from.
Placer keeps the Razor for the night as the group agrees they're all way too tired to initiate first contact tonight - they'll discuss what to do later. For now, they make plans for tomorrow - Placer and Madeline will meet up before lunch, Placer and Talia will meet up during lunch, and Sarah and Madeline (and maybe other people like Cadence or Mae or even possibly Placer... probably not Talia) will then later go to the cinema together, spending the Sunday getting some much needed relaxation time.

End of Night 6. 

Sunday, Day 7: Social Bonding and the Cinema.
Madeline's “research clock” is now at 3/6.
We begin with Sarah looking for alternate methods to power her watch.
Madeline advances her "opposite of consciousness" research clock and then meets up with Keith to ask if there's any traces of the Dreameater lingering around. (aka Gus' keys). Keith suggests looking into Gus as well as checking Nyala's dreamscape for any crystal shards. Also Keith can no longer access the dreaming without the Dreameater's power, so he only has the new data Madeline's given him at this point.
Keith suggests the spiders might be predators looking for the Dreameater.
Placer and Madeline meet up - Placer thanks Madeline for putting up with him and tells her to be more confident as he muses of the nature of selfishness, Madeline encourages him that everyone's selfish and then reminds him that Gus exists. Placer agrees to give Madeline both Gus' key as well as the Razor.
Placer and Talia have a (very lengthy) interaction during lunch offscreen. Neither of them kill each other and they both get two experience points from it. 
Madeline meets up with one of her suspects from Season 2 to make amends as well as gather more info on what it was like to be in the Conspiracy.
At the Cinema, Placer talks with Mae before attempting to leave - Sarah and Placer roll identical nat20s and engage in a shove-war as Sarah slowly drags Placer into the theatre - though Placer does manage to get out of it and leaves. 
After the film, Sarah asks Madeline for help in understanding why she has an avatar and assistance in the supercomputer stuff.
Meanwhile, Placer introduces Talia to his greatest weakness - his little brother, Timothy.
And then Sarah informs Placer of her plan to visit her own brain before Placer starts waxing philosophical again for like the fifth bloody time today.
Madeline does some more scouting (only useful character advancing plot once again) before the group then meets up in the Clubroom to decide how the group wants to handle First Contact. The plan we've decided on is "We are researchers who've found Keith's notes" - Placer wants to get said notes before they begin. The group is probably going to Voyage Into Sarah's Mind before any First Contact attempts.
Placer has given Madeline Gus' keys. The Razor is in the middle of the table in the Clubhouse. 

Data Madeline obtained while scouting: In the past, when we've encountered the spiders we've seen them moving pretty much forever, but at the end of that session when scouting Madeline was able to follow the spider into the terminus of its walk and Madeline saw it enter the psychosphere. 

Sunday, Night 7 Part 2: Halloween!
The group gets a call from probably-not-dreameater on the Blackberry Razor in the clubroom - It offers us the potential to solve our infestation problem or something IDR exact wording. "Humanity's kind of interesting and you deserve a chance." That type of thing.
The door to the Clubroom then becomes a portal to the Darkest House. See link below to jump to specific data supplied during our exploration of said house.
In terms of character-storylines, Sarah impulsive curiosity is putting the entire group in danger, and Placer and Madeline have to basically babysit Talia and Sarah as they both wander off on their own - Placer and Madeline both agree on a Buddy System so nobody is left wandering alone. Placer pairs himself with Talia and leaves Sarah to Madeline because he knows if he's paired with Sarah he will let her wander off alone which, while her dying wouldn't be a big loss, it would also leave him all alone which he doesn't want in spooky house. 
I will now list everything we've encountered so far: 
First room we encountered was the Livingroom. A paper on the table was the February Journal Entry (aka Remnant 1), the closet contained old spam mail - one from like a century ago, one from seven years, and IDR the other one. Also there was something about eyes. IDR. 

Second room was the Boundless Room, aka the Endless Hallway. We confirmed some teleportation-esc shenanigans were afoot in this room.
It contained a seemingly infinite number of holes in the floorboards leading to more floorboards leading to a clock. 
Also the hallway was inhabited by a giggling ghost girl in Raggedy-Ann clothing who kept informing us we were "bad at this" - whether "this" was us chasing her down or us navigating the house is unknown. 
The clock has two faces - put the right face's time ahead of the left face, nothing happens. Put the faces at the same time, swarm of angry red eyes encircle the clock. Put the left ahead of the right, a door appears - if you so much as think to stick your hand in the door, you get teleported. The group all eventually got teleported - presumably the clock fell to the floor and remains in the hallway.

The next room didn't have an image - I'll call it the Rug Room, though I suppose Empty Room could also be a name.
We've confirmed time-dilation shenanigans were afoot when every party member arrived at about the same time. 
It had passageways to the Right and Left as well as a Thick, Sturdy Door locked with a key. On the ground was a large, blue gold embroidery oval shaped old stains rug. Underneath said rug was the April Journal Entry (aka Remnant 9).

The group decided to head Left, entering the Library.
In the Library we found the December Journal Entry (aka Remnant 4) as well as three potions which Placer identified and then marked - Lavender-scented one heals, Cola-scented one lets someone instantly read a book, and Nothing-scented one allows someone to see through obstacles a-la x-ray vision.
We found a Revolver with 5 remaining bullets, which Sarah took - she gave her plasma blaster to Madeline after test-firing the revolver into the floor.
List of books obtained by the group:
The Dream Eaters
Cornucopia
Eyes of the Child
(Eyes of the Child had a picture whose eyes resembled the eyes in the closet in the Livingroom)
Madeline located a Secret Box (shaped like a book) which contained a Golden Pocket Watch and a device that can squirt acid a-la Joker's Flower. I think there was something else in the Secret Box, IDR.
Sarah was impulsive and reckless and approached a sentient bookcase that told her multiple times to stop approaching it, causing bad things to happen and Talia to take five damage.
Sarah's force-field jacket is no longer functioning.

Meanwhile, while Sarah was angering the house and books and Madeline was investigating the second bookcase, Placer and Talia were looking at the other points of egress in the Library - The door in-frame leads to a dark hallway with at least one door able to be made out, and then off-camera there is another door and a passageway. We did not investigate the passageway. As Placer opens the second, offscreen door, it is revealed to be Placer's bedroom (only dream-like).

More Details:
Placer has informed the group that "because the house has both teleportation and time-dilation, it's likely illusions aren't far off, so do not attack anything unless you are 1,000% sure it is going to harm you - if it's simply coming towards you while snarling, do not attack it until you start taking damage. Because chances are, it'll be one of us illusion-ed to look like a monster to your eyes, and we don't want us shooting each other." 

GAME DATA DETAILS:
Madeline's overall rating is 5, Talia and Sarah's overall rating is 6, and Placer's overall rating is 7. If Hib allows, in theory we could increase those numbers by spending experience to gain more assets - 0 to 1 progression stage in Tier 4 is Rating 6, 2 stages is Rating 7, and 3-4 stages is Rating 8.
So hopefully Madeline has enough experience to enter Tier 4 before next session and increase her overall rating to 6, assuming Hib allows mid-storyline advancements while in The Darkest House. 

Madeline found a torn piece of canvas with an eye on it in the closet. It's a match for the one Sarah found.


Sunday, Night 7 Part 3: Continuing Dark House.
Character Beats This Episode: Madeline informs Sarah that Sarah shouldn't be so impulsive and reckless, Sarah actually does start asking the group before doing things, Madeline uses her abilities to help Sarah escape an Elk attack unscathed, Talia informs Sarah to step away from a trap rather than just let Sarah die, Placer gifts Talia his "protect from mental damage" cypher, Madeline takes a risk for the team in getting the magical eyes while sacrificing her golden mirror, Placer protects group by kiteing Father into courtyard away from the group, Talia willingly checks in on Placer to see if he requires aid.
Though Placer and Talia both would not object to using Sarah as bait or misdirecting her into a trap.

We start in Placer's Room, which is a dream-like version of Placer's bedroom. There's nothing of interest besides a "wrong door" that shouldn't be there, which leads to:
"LYINGINSTATE" Room is a Large, reasonably-sized room with Dark wooden casket with a mirror draped in cloth in the center, vases of flowers around the room, table next to door with handwritten notes (aka Remnant 3). There is the wrong door as well as a door directly across from us.
As Talia approaches the door, a couple of ghostly figures float through the door into the room. They don't appear to be aware of Talia as they approach the casket. 

Next room is the Trophy room - aka room with a bunch of animal heads. Talia examines the fireplace - its ashes are cold.
As soon as all the party is in the room, we hear a shriek and a horrible wet, crunching noise and the giant stag deer head begins to move and rise and stretch away from the wall.
The party takes some psychic damage.
As Sarah shoots at the stag head and the party starts to move towards leaving the room, the scene of the room changes as specters of a man and two guests appear - the man is showing off various trophies until he gets to the elk/stag head, which promptly kills the man and one of the guests - the other escapes through the door.
The party takes more psychic damage - the elk takes a swing at Sarah, but thanks to Madeline's help Sarah makes it out unscathed.

After leaving this room, we find ourselves back in the library, emerging from the offscreen passageway (yay impossible geography).
As the group recuperates (and Placer sneakily chucks a grenade into his dream-bedroom) the group decides to enter the dark hallway accessible through the door in-camera of the library image. 

Scratch marks along the stones of the candle-lit hallway and a cool breeze - at the end of the hallway there is just one lone door.
This leads to the Interior Courtyard - everything in it is dead. In the middle is a statue of a weeping woman - at her feet is a shattered tablet. The courtyard is open to the pitch-black sky. There is a basement hatch in frame and another door.

The tablet once bore the image of the sun but water erosion has removed all text and detail.
A giant hand that deals psychic damage to those who behold it materializes in the sky above Sarah. 

The other doorway in the room is a staircase down which leads to a white hallway art gallery with a red carpet - paintings are old and faded, some are gnawed on. 
One is damaged canvas painting of a child - little boy.
One is a painting of a smiling man.
We meet the Gallery Show Curator.
A bargain of item transactions takes place - an item of value in exchange for the ability to see magical shit. 
Sarah and Madeline both offer items - though the Curator only accepts Madeline's offering.
After Madeline receives the gift, the curator vanishes. 
As soon as that happens, a giant of a man comes bursting through a doorway at the end of the art gallery.
Father yells "Don't touch my things! Don't poke your snooty little nose where it doesn't belong!" 

Placer kites Father into the courtyard - he gets Father to break the statue. Nothing happens. Disappointing.
The door in the art gallery that Father burst through leads back to the Empty Room AKA the Rug Room - through the sturdy, locked door, weirdly enough. The place where we entered from the clock is now an Elevator that only Madeline can see. It is lever-controlled with six positions. The rug-room is Position 4.
We all board the elevator and Sarah instantly pulls it to Position 5. 
Floor 5 is the Backrooms aka the yellow room. 

GAME DATA DETAILS:
While party members have taken damage, the party has frequently taken rests and I believe all damage sustained by the party has been healed by this point.

Sunday, Night 7 Part 4: 

After stopping Sarah from running off, the group decides to examine all the different floors. 
Then, the moment we go down to Floor 6, Sarah runs off.
The Guardian room.
Placer and Talia stay behind as Madeline and Sarah experience some spatial distortion as they head to the statue. 

Placer and Talia discuss whether or not they'd leave those two to die.
Sarah shows restraint - "That's definitely a monster - we either all face it together or we leave it and move on to the next floor." 
The group heads back and we go up to Floor 3... and meet a room full of mannequins. 
We nope out of that floor and go look at Floor 2.
Floor 2 is the Great Hall. Lotsa passageways and doors to explore. Not detailing them yet - group decides to look at Floor 1 first. 
Floor 1 is the Music Room, with several doors in it as well as a grand piano. 


Madeline investigates the sheet music - Remnant 18.

We then move over to the weird, glowing door.... leading us to a weird chamber. (Gatekeeper Room). Where we meet the Gatekeeper. 
Sarah does try to show a little more restraint which is nice.
The Gatekeeper asks us if we wish to leave - we don't, so we go back to the Music room where Sarah investigates another door that leads to the Empty Bedroom. 
"Meaning is a burden" is carved above a large, stone archway hiding behind the curtain in the Empty Bedroom - Talia walks in and gets some psychic damage. Placer's Cypher comes in clutch, saving Talia's bad roll.
After Sarah fails to chip off the engraving, she brazenly walks through the archway after Talia - but manages to come out unharmed. 

After the group establishes that communication isn't viable, they create a passphrase and then split up as Talia and Sarah walk off.
Madeline and Placer investigate an empty closet that sadly isn't a gateway to Narnia, and then go back to the Music Room to explore the other area - an antechamber leading to the Shonin (Japanese) room, in which Remnant 8 is discovered.
We also play with the radio and get some audio snippets - A reoccurring musical motif, and a child informing us "The Doll Room is safe", "Find the doorman if you want to leave, Find the Smiling Man if you want to stay forever." 

Meanwhile, Sarah asks Talia if Placer and Talia hate Sarah - Talia responds she hates everyone. Sarah says something about her going to change that, IDR. They open the next door and find, in the Tea Room, a figure from Sarah's backstory. 

Quick retcon! When you were in the Mannequin Room you heard the voice that called you on the phone in your heads
Look closely!

Also Hib is probably going to start throwing in that Razor phone voice in to give us hints to "assist" us. He may retcon past events to include this. 

Sunday, Night 7 Part 5:

We open with Sarah hugging definitely not an evil illusion version of a friend of hers from Sarah's timeline who has no idea what's going on and everyone's very confused.
Talia watches this with distaste, checking her phone (presumably hoping in vain it can be used as a lifeline out of this interaction). 
Sarah continues to hug Dani as they catch up on what's even happening.
Dani: A potential backup character if Sarah dies.
Sarah unquestioningly accepts Dani's existence here as she invites her to join the group. DANI JOINS THE PARTY.

After examining the Tea Room and finding nothing of interest (besides it's clean and set for a child's tea party), Team Archway advances (Talia following at a distance and eyeing Dani with suspicion.)

Both parties time their entries to the next room perfectly - The Hallway of Irritating Faces. AKA the Leering Ones. 
The faces begin spouting off irritating stuff about the party members, attempting to instigate inter-party conflict and shit. 
Placer quickly backtracks and solves the Piano Puzzle, getting a magical Chisel. One of presumably Five artifacts acquired!
Dani runs up and greets Madeline friendly. Dani seems to be under the impression she is, like, a ghost from the future or something.

Placer gives Dani a "friendship token good luck protection charm" (a grenade) which sadly Dani instantly recognizes, but still stakes. Placer then moves forward, through the Shonin and Leering Hall into the north room, which is a Ballroom. As Placer nears the stage, an orchestra suddenly appears. Dani chucks her grenade in panic and then runs and hides in a corner - as Talia watches over her, Placer plugs his ears as the rest of the group enters the room.

This turns out to be a good thing, as the party members besides him and Talia begin dancing uncontrollably to the music. As Talia attempts to free Madeline, Madeline takes a level 5 mental wound. Placer advances up the stairs to find a barman. 

The barman informs Placer that the music usually doesn't last very long - Placer texts this info to Talia as he decides to go to the next room alone- a bedroom with a secret passage. Placer finds the secret passage. He goes into the secret passage.
About this time, the music ends. The group composes themselves and then follows Placer. 

The secret passage leads into the Secret Chapel, in which Placer instantly discovers another secret passage because apparently it's secret-passage-galore in here. (I was only half-serious, I am still amazed I was right that there was an actual second secret passage)
The Secret Chapel is full of a bunch of cat-figurines and also other weird trinkets. 

Once the whole group has entered the Secret Chapel, Razor Voice informs us that "I am glad you have drive to get here". Placer takes this cue (admittedly too genera-savvy) and investigates the room, finding a Screwdriver. He picks it up and then gets out of there. Meanwhile the rest of the group looks into the Glass Partition, which depicts a graphic, horrific image of family, friends, and people dying and shit (showing Dani and Sarah an actual horrific moment from their lives which is fun.) Poor Dani takes damage, presumably. In the Secret Chapel, Madeline also finds Remnant 14. 

The group then crawls through the secret-secret passage into the Bedroom with the Dog. The game file literally calls it "Dog Room". As Dani and Sarah recuperate from the traumatic glass partition, and Madeline investigates the notebook on the desk, Talia attempts to coax the scared dog out of hiding. She succeeds. The Dog's collar reads "Buddy." 

Buddy heals all party members of their lowest mental wound (meaning all party members are fully healed now).
BUDDY HAS BEEN ADDED TO THE PARTY.
The group enters a hallway - Placer instantly finds a locked door and tries to open it - Talia notices this, tells Buddy to wait for a moment, and then gives Placer her lockpick set. Placer gives her what might have been a flash of a genuine smile.
The Door leads to the art studio. Placer suggests that he can examine this room alone (it's worked out well so far, right?). Sarah goes and busts down another door, as the rest of the group investigates the other door available which leads to a nursery. 

The Nursery contains a self-rocking rocking chair, a Smiling Man doll, a cradle, a book "Happy family" containing the a sing-song verse (Remnant 11). 

Madeline ripped a page out of the book

Placer, in the studio, does... stuff, and also nicks a painting of a tree and wolf thingy.

House has acted 4 times.

Notebook Madeline found: This lined, spiral-bound notebook is filled with what looks like math homework in the front, but toward the end, each page just has scrawled in dark letters one of the following phrases: I hate you. I will kill you. I’m better than you. Each is repeated many times.

We leave off with Sarah having opened the other door in the hall, which leads to the second Familiar Room of the house that we've encountered. To whom the Familiar Room connects to remains to be seen.

Talia has Hades’ phone number and a card that she can give to the ferryman to enter hell independently. Shazam agreed to take Talia back to Gotham (and is more than a little dubious about Talia at this point). Batman, Alfred, J'onn conversation - Shazam revealed more information than Talia would have liked. J'onn mentioned a “disruption in the outer realms” when Talia asked about “darkness” but was unsure of the cause. Talia received a business card from Batman (1-800-228-2283). Talia has Placer’s old phone - no numbers are saved in it, but call history is intact. It is password protected. 

After disconnecting from the Psychosphere, Talia went to school (since it is a school day and all). 

Placeholder asked to meet Mae at their usual cafe and revealed that his grenades were actually his bottled up emotions - the power of love and friendship, weaponized - and that his solution to the dream eater problem is to nuke it with his holy heart grenade. He’s confident that this will likely kill him as well. That’s super not acceptable to Mae. Placer has asked Mae to look out for what he cares about if he doesn’t make it out alive. Mae revealed that she’s Talia’s employer, and expressed concerns that Talia was going to do what amused her if Placer didn’t rein that in. Mae then updated Talia’s directives in an attempt to find more ways to kill the dream eater.  

Mae told Talia to contact Madeline, so Talia did text Madeline to ask how she could help, and agreed to assist with researching fictional entities similar to the dream eater. Mae later contacted Talia again to request to meet at the usual dreamworld location an hour before normal meeting time.


In the dreaming, Talia arrived an hour early with Mae. Mae then went off to hide with Cadence. Sarah arrives covered in grime from the psychosphere. Madeline, Sarah, and Placer have some semblance of a conversation about next steps, and Madeline admits that her idea is to re-trap the dream eater inside herself. Madeline then gets a call from Cadence, and has a conversation with Mae and Cadence about Placer’s explosive plans. Mae suggests that Madeline take Placer with her to the psychosphere-library and try to find other ways to take out the dream eater. Placer goes off to the library independently, and Sarah goes off on her own, leaving Talia to greet Madeline when she gets back. Talia initially goes off with Madeline to the library, but when Placer expresses to Madeline disappointment that Talia is with her, Talia goes off on her own and calls Batman. Placer then calls Talia and after a bit of verbal dancing they decide to enter the castle via the underground route. Placer states that he went with Batman to procure an “asset” and describes his nuclear arsenal. Talia asks Placer if he’s thought of the legal ramifications and if he has a will. Talia vaguely describes her hell-army, and notes that a few others were there as well that may assist in figuring out what’s going on with the dream eater. Talia gets a text from Sarah asking her to come see her in the dreaming (utilizing her psychosphere phone in the dreaming), and Placer gets a text from Xanatos. Placer calls Xanatos back and Xanatos verbalizes displeasure in “gods in and out of his office” and states that he will not contact Placer again, nor should Placer contact Xanatos, but they’ll be there at the culminating battle. Talia finds this hilarious and comments “Gods? What would gods have to do with little old me?” Talia admits to Placer that she doesn’t care about the psychosphere and what happens after the job is done. Talia shares that Sarah’s phone works in the dreaming, and that it’s probably related to Sarah showing up to the dream meeting looking like she needed a shower. Talia then disconnects to see what Sarah wants - and finds herself in the dreaming with her psychosphere inventory.


Mae told Talia about the spiders. Talia helped Sarah test out her dreameater trap - currently, Talia can be escorted into Sarah’s Stepfordian dream, and can exit independently (although it feels like ‘molasses’ to leave), but cannot re-enter independently. Sarah then left Talia. Talia re-entered the psychosphere in the castle. Talia left the castle without fanfare and made her way to a cafe, where she just texted Madeline spider emojis. Madeline went to ask Mae about it, and when Mae wasn’t in her dream, Talia said she’d get her and abruptly disconnected and woke up. Talia went to Mae’s and woke her up, then told her to meet Madeline in her dream. Talia gave Mae her bracelet temporarily, and Mae met Madeline to tell her about the spiders. The spiders are over-leveled and out of place, walking in the same direction, appearing from nothing and vanishing into nothing. When Madeline is about to take her leave and go back to the psychosphere, Mae displays the bracelet and asks to tag along. Madeline and Mae enter the psychosphere with Madeline taking them directly to Sarah’s junkyard workshop, where Sarah and Placer have just pulled up with a very upset Paul Blart.


After Madeline has an altercation with Orion, Madeline, Placer, Mae, and Paul Blart go to the dreaming clubhouse and learn more about the situation. Placer captures Orion in his dream. Kevin James and company arrive to give an exposition dump.


Mae, Placer, and Madeline discuss more about what avatars are, and Mae works hard to ignore the conversation, as she and her avatar are not on speaking terms. Mae works to suppress that part of her as much as possible, why would tonight be any different? In fact, the idea that they’re a part of who they are inside would only make Mae more uncomfortable.  

Mae chooses to leave when Placer and Madeline go to find Sarah, fills in Talia with all the information Mae’s learned and experienced while in the dreamscape, and tells Talia that she’s not tied to their agreement anymore. Talia, after hearing all of this information, goes to her dreamscape to plot things out on her whiteboard. She’s texted by Sarah with a request to help convince Placer of something (to which Talia responded unhelpfully), and Madeline with their location (which she ignores). Talia remains in her dream. Before long, Sarah enters her dream and is too tired to leave; Talia reacts with annoyance and tells Sarah to sleep it off on the floor. Madeline soon follows, and Talia continues to be irritated that there are people in her dream. 


Placer reaches out to Mae, who agrees to join him in his dream. Placer, obviously distraught, leads Mae into his fortress, full of traps and minigames and secrets. They find Orion, and Mae manages to knock him to the floor after he shoots an arrow at her. She convinces him to listen to them for 5 minutes, and talks don’t go super great. Placer takes a knife to the stomach, Mae punches Orion again, Placer manages to hit Orion as well, and Orion flees. Placer follows, so Mae follows Placer. Placer takes an arrow, Mae moves to cover and asks why he’s not using explosives. (“Are you not friends with your mind?”). Placer, impaired, continues to try to run after Orion, and Mae manages to stop him and convince him to rest, retreat, and get the rest of the team. They return to the clubhouse. Placer reaches out to Sarah and Madeline, then asks Mae about Talia. Mae suggests that Talia prefers keeping secrets over telling secrets, and that she hasn’t sold them out yet - why would she start now? Mae doesn’t tell Placer that Talia no longer answers to Mae. Placer reaches out to Talia (“Does that mean everyone can get the fuck out of my dream?”), and Talia is happy to get everyone out of her dream and back to the clubhouse for the showdown with Orion.


The group begins at the clubhouse and Placer gives details about the situation. Talia stresses multiple times that she doesn’t trust Placer’s mind to keep secrets from Orion, and Placer moves out of earshot. Talia suggests they misdirect Orion by flooding the field with lies about what they’re up to, and preferably a better fake “trump card” than their ability to take things back and forth from psychosphere to dream. She also suggests that Madeline make scorpions to throw off Orion. Placer doesn’t wander off (small miracles), and the group heads to his dreamscape. 

Placer’s dream is full of audio and then visual clips. Talia ignores all opportunities in these hallways/rooms for Placer’s secrets, instead focusing on the mission at hand and wanting to get to Orion as soon as possible. Mae sticks by Placer and pointedly only wants to know what Placer wants her to know. Placer requested that Mae look at a picture memory to give her a glimpse of his childhood home life, and after some back-and-forth also shared the betrayal memory with her. Placer was upset and expected the group to be mad; Mae was firmly not mad, Madeline verbalized she was more upset with her father, Talia continued to not care. Talia did laugh a bit at Placer’s diatribe about that choice of betrayal/guilt being a part of him. Mae commented, “You didn’t hold up your end of the bargain,” in that Placer did more than “superficial damage” to the Conspiracy. 

In the center room, Orion is in the room of “bad thoughts” and although Placer initially chooses to shut him in the room and suggests they leave him there, Sarah enters the room (and Placer re-shuts the door), and then Madeline creates scorpions to chase Orion out of the room and into the center room.


Talia didn’t stop to observe too many of Placer’s internal memories, but did learn that Placer’s childhood was unhappy, he had to take care of his brother from a young age, he betrayed the group to the Conspiracy, he feels that the group should hate him for that, he doesn’t feel that he can put the group ahead of his brother in importance or safety, and that he “almost killed” someone. That’s still a lot of information! 


Orion battle! Mae did really well and got off a lot of successful attacks. Talia did pretty well too, with a few great turns and a few not so great (including hitting Sarah once). Talia got the final hit and got to decide whether to incapacitate him or kill him; Talia chose to incapacitate. Placer’s heart crystal is cracked and leaking light, and Orion is tied up in the clubhouse. 


Placer talked with Mae about friendship, and Mae made her exit (basically, “good luck with that!”). Placer calls a team meeting with Madeline, Sarah, and Talia and they discuss their plans: deal with Orion by giving him red herrings and get information for Sarah, then go to Placer’s dream to deal with Rose’s dark door. Orion tells the group that the golden arrow is with Artemis. After the red herring plan is completed and Orion’s memory is wiped of the entire dreamscape encounter, Talia tells the rest of the group to go on ahead… and rolls really well to deceive Placer and Madeline regarding her intentions. When left alone with Orion, Talia asks him about death. "What's death like, for you?" How long does his respawn take? 15 minutes, last time. Where does he respawn? In one of the temples. Talia asks if she could have his contact information for later, and Orion doesn’t want anything to do with her - probably a good choice. Talia then kills Orion and he disappears in a foul-smelling puff of smoke. She rejoins the group in Placer’s dream.


The gang meets up in Placer’s dream. Talia and Sarah enter at about the same time, Madeline is already there, and Placer arrives from inside the dream (mask off). Madeline asks Talia about Orion, and Talia says that she escorted him back to the Psychosphere (deception success). The group goes through Rose’s door - Sarah first, then Madeline, then Talia, then Placer. They encounter Rose, who says she’s never been outside and hasn’t met Placer in person before. She also mentions that the other avatars visit her because she can’t leave, and that Sarah’s avatar recently showed up and feels wrong. Placer goes back to question other-Rose and returns, stating that he couldn’t find her. The group follows Rose to the server room, with Sarah opening up every possible door (much to Rose and Placer’s chagrin). At the server room, Sarah and Madeline go floating and Talia and Placer hang behind for a moment. Talia calls her avatar at Placer’s request, who is described as normal. Rose and Talia’s avatar, who doesn’t give Placer her name, obviously are familiar with each other: it’s described that they’re both friendly to each other but also that they don’t like each other at the same time (which tracks). Talia’s avatar shrugs Placer’s questions off, and then she and Rose go off to play Tactical Waifu together. Talia stays to eavesdrop while the rest of the group chats with Rem Lezar, who is the master controller. When they come back, Sarah and Placer interrupt Tactical Waifu to ask Rose to lead them to something that she had told Placer about in whispers earlier. The group follows Rose to a door leading to a house. Sarah attempts to rush in, but is stopped by Placer.


The gang splits up! Placer immediately leaves his own dream and heads to Talia’s, then texts Talia where he is. Talia, not having gotten to go off and do her own thing yet, goes directly to her conference room and waits for Placer to make his way to her. He suggests a trade of secrets - something that he doesn’t want others to know, for something she doesn’t want others to know. 

Talia, unsure of what secret she could share that would be seen as an equal exchange, suggests that he can have one of her memories, and he interacts with the vase while she heads upstairs. He follows and shares that he needs assistance figuring out his 2-Rose situation. Talia calls in her avatar, who is irritated about being called away from Tactical Waifu. Placer gives Talia permission to enter and explore his dream, and states that he’ll tell his dreamscape to allow her passage, although he’s unsure if his dream will listen. Talia dismisses her avatar, and asks Placer if he’d like to accompany her on her errand. They pop down to Hell, and Talia has a chat with Hades. “I’m wondering if you’ve seen anyone of particular interest pass through, or if anyone keeps a list of recent deaths.” Talia pauses. “Actually, some psychopomps are said to have lists of future deaths. Is that true? And is it a property of the psychopomp, or the physical - ” Talia stops herself. “No, that’s not why I’m here. Back on task. Do you keep tabs on people who die and resurrect?” Hades says no, they don’t, but potentially the fates or the book of destiny would have that information. He also states that Lucifer is gaining more favor lately. Talia and Hades chat about the plan for absolute destruction and armies of the Dead, and then Talia and Placer return to Talia’s dreamscape. Placer asks Talia about Orion, she answers truthfully, and she expresses her desire to hunt him down again. She wants to intimidate Orion into not hunting them anymore. Placer attempts to talk Talia out of this plan, and then they get a text from Sarah stating that she went to Artemis’s temple and saw Orion. Talia doesn’t hide her glee (and Placer doesn’t hide his dismay). They team plans an arrow heist: Sarah wants to use her new speed/time ability to rush in and get the arrow, Placer wants to use a disguise to get inside. 



Sarah goes and completes the challenge, and Placer goes and gains the same access that Sarah gets, only harder, and by alerting Artemis and Zeus. Madeline provides Talia with a disguise, Sarah decides she doesn’t need one, and Placer… again, makes it harder for himself by actually disguising himself. Madeline and Talia go do some research and don’t find out much; Madeline and Sarah go and get comms for everyone. Placer shares that Orion had some key that he lost; Talia hasn’t seen it but uses it as an excuse to pop into the psychosphere to “search” for it where she “left Orion.” She gains the following information from Sebastian:
He’s made the most progress with modern superheroes and psychopomps.
Most of the psychopomps will side with us. At worst, some may sit out, he’s not concerned about any going against us.
Best not to count on Superman, there’s complications.
Goku is extremely motivated and on our side, as well as Vegeta. Goku is already working to challenge Zeus.
Characters that are currently popular and well loved have inflated powers.
Wolverine is a concern. He may side with us, and certainly will if we convince Jean, but he may side with Artemis due to his connection to the hunt. If Apocalypse shows up and works with us, Wolverine will likely side against us. Wolverine is more likely to side against one of our allies than with us.
Sebastian has talked to other gods and a handful of servant-type characters that will align with us, lots of anime characters, but was unwilling to name names within the castle. Talia verbalized that she trusted him in this. 

Sebastian provides party invitations for Bulma’s birthday party this evening, and states that we can expect the following different archetypes: an army of hopefuls wanting to spar Goku (but he may not show up because he’s too focused on fighting Zeus), unwelcome hangers-on, engineering and science people (including Doc Brown), beyond that, can’t tell specifics. Rich, mad scientist, martial arts. Rogues. 


Talia doesn’t tell the group about her conversation with Sebastian. Placer tries to convince Talia to do the heist. Talia continues to think he’s not worth trusting, and doesn’t go along with the heist. She gives the group a plan and evanesces. After listening to the group get on their way, Talia then continues on to Placer’s dreamscape. Talia finds that “everything about Rose is weird, but it’s also the only thing any of them have known of her, so they basically think it’s fine.” Talia also succeeds in finding all of the memories she wants to find. She checks on his heart crystal and returns to the clubhouse in time to go to Bulma’s birthday party. The party is on a yacht, and after hitching a ride in Sarah’s vehicle, Talia goes to look for Bulma but is unsuccessful. She goes off to have a chat with Placer, revealing that she’s snooped in his dream and letting him know about what her avatar thinks of Rose. They then go look for Bulma together. A little while later, Sebastian announces that the yacht will be departing to go to the party.


The group gets to the party, and Talia wishes Bulma a happy birthday. Bulma suggests that she can make a tracker if they can get something connected to the dreameater. Bulma also mentions that the dragonballs are at the party. Talia goes to find Madeline. She and Madeline talk about the dreameater and Madeline says she’ll think about what they might be able to use as a connection, and that she’ll go talk to Bulma about it. Talia also checks in with Placer about what may or may not be connected to the dreameater, but Placer doesn’t come up with much. After Beerus and Buu make a scene, Talia talks to Goku and Vegeta. Goku’s phone is very broken, and Vegeta declines to share a phone number, but says Sebastian has a telepath that will give them the word. Placer then texts Madeline and Talia that Sarah wants to use a hyperbolic time chamber, and the group meets up to talk about it. Sarah wants to spend a year either alone or with Kevin James in the chamber to figure out how to get her future-family into the current time. Bulma announces the bingo tournament and the group heads over to participate.


The Gang Plays Bingo. Talia plays straight, although Madeline and Sarah work together to cheat and Sarah wins the dragon balls. During the game, Placer and Talia discuss leisure activities; Placer comments that he plays video games and tries to be good at them so he can play with someone, and Talia declines to provide personal details ("Why does it matter?"). Placer declares that he's fanboying over Talia's skills, and denies trying to flatter (or flirt with) her. Talia mentions that she finds friendship superfluous, and that this conversation would be best held somewhere else. The group will get to make their wish at the end of the night.


Talia talks with Placer, giving him access to her dream during the next day and talking about her wish suggestions. Talia then goes with Madeline to talk to Bulma; Talia gets her business card and they discuss details related to the wish. Then, everything changed when Frieza attacked! Talia hit Recoome for 16, he hit her for 6, then Talia vanished again.


Continued battle! Talia manages to off Recoome, but then Ginyu switches bodies with her. With an assist from Sarah’s taser, Talia takes Ginyu to the clubhouse and convinces him to switch bodies (with the promise that she’d “take him back to the fight”). Sarah arrives and they team up to take Ginyu out (with Talia getting the final shot right as Madeline comes in). Talia comments to Sarah, “You’re not half bad.” Madeline comments “Didn’t we promise not to kill characters in the dream world?” and Sarah comments that they had to do so. The three of them take a rest in the clubhouse. Placer appears, says Goku has one of the dragon balls, collects the three in the clubhouse, and the three in his dreamscape. The group returns to the boat. Bulma wishes for the boat to be fixed and for people to be revived. Placer wishes for the communication device and receives what is basically a Motorola Razr. The party talks about going to the movies as a group tomorrow, with Madeline mentioning that she might bring a friend or two. Talia only gives a blank look at this. Night end! (finally.)


The next day, Placer will meet with Madeline before noon, then will meet Talia at noon.


During the day, Talia mostly hangs out in her apartment. She meets with Placer in her dreamscape at lunchtime, and is surprised by him showing up at her apartment when he’s supposed to be at the movies with the rest of the team and Mae. He drives her to his home, introduces her to his little brother Timothy, and then drives back to her apartment, stating that he would never forgive her if she hurt them. Otherwise, very little talking occurs. When the team meets up in the dreamscape, they discuss how they’re going to initiate contact with the dreameater; Talia is very quiet and only shakes her head when Placer asks if she has any ideas to contribute.


While the party is in the clubhouse, the phone rings and a mysterious stranger comments on how interesting they are and that they’re going to give us an opportunity to solve our infestation. There’s a knock at the door, and while the others hesitate, Talia goes and opens the door. A living room is revealed, and Talia steps inside. The rest of the group follows. Talia moves towards the hallway and is the first to enter a very large room that demonstrates spatial distortion. After trying to split the group and trying to catch a giggling ghost of a young girl, she follows the rest of the group through a door on the side of a double-sided clock. Time dilation is also confirmed. She sticks with the group, going left and finding a library. Sarah angers a book and the house damages Talia (further encouraging Talia’s desire to get away from the bulk of the group). The night ends with examining three new paths from the library: the center door leads to a hallway with another door, the right is another passageway, and the left is Placer’s bedroom.


The moment Placer sees his bedroom, he closes the door and asks Talia what she saw. Talia informs him that she also saw his bedroom. Placer and Talia examine Placer’s bedroom but find nothing “off” except for an additional door. Placer asks Madeline to talk to Sarah about being more careful. Placer doesn’t tell Madeline or Sarah that the house produced his room, and the group moves on to the weird door. They move quickly through a room with a casket in the middle, vases of flowers around the room, handwritten notes on a table, and a covered mirror. Talia comments that she doesn’t feel like adding vampires to the mix. The next room is the trophy room. Talia moves to examine the fireplace, which is cold and hasn’t seen use in some time. After everyone is in the room, one of the taxidermied heads reanimates. Then, a spectral scene of a man and guests appears; the man and one of the guests is killed by the reanimated taxidermied elk. Talia quickly moves to leave the room and the group finds themselves back in the library. 

The party then ventures through the last door of the library and finds an interior courtyard with a large statue, a cellar hatch, and another door. Talia examines the windows above the cellar, Placer follows and then moves to the other door, and Madeline and Sarah examine the statue. Talia sees a giant hand forming above Sarah and actually tells Sarah (and Madeline) to come inside. They do so, but questioningly, and Talia doesn’t say much about what she saw. Madeline and Sarah go down ahead and Placer stays behind to give Talia his mental protection cypher.  

In the next room, the Curator displays a variety of artworks, including one of a little boy where the eyes of the canvas are missing. Madeline trades one of her cyphers for the ability to see through the eyes that she’d collected, the Curator vanishes, and a very large man with a belt comes bursting through the next door. Talia and Sarah go around on opposite sides to the newly opened door, Madeline follows, and the man follows Placer outside into the courtyard. Placer kites him around for a while. Talia tells Sarah and Madeline to stay while she goes to check on Placer. When Placer sees Talia, he asks about what she saw in the courtyard earlier, and she tells him about the hand. Placer attempts to wait for the hand to form in hopes that it would scoop up the large man, but it only focuses on Placer. Talia yells at him to come back inside, and they hustle back to the others. The man gets to the middle of the art gallery, stops, and disappears. The group is back in the rug room, and now Madeline sees an elevator. They enter the elevator, find out they are on floor 4, and Sarah pulls the lever to 5.


The group decides to examine all floors, so they leave 5 and go to 6. Sarah chooses to go examine a big statue, Madeline follows, and Placer and Talia stay back on the elevator. Placer asks Talia if she’d risk herself to save Madeline and Sarah if they were in trouble, and Talia is ambivalent. Madeline and Sarah come back, and Talia restates that she wants to see all the floors before deciding which one to explore. Floor 3 is full of mannequins, Floor 2 is the Great Hall, and Floor 1 opens on to the Music Room. The party agrees to explore the first floor, and Talia investigates the glowing door while the rest of the group looks at the instruments. Finding little of note with the instruments at this time, the group goes into the glowing room and meets the Gatekeeper, who asks “Do you want to leave?” The party declines and Talia makes her exit with the rest of the party. They then continue to explore, finding a bedroom with an archway behind a curtain. “Meaning is a burden” is carved above the archway, and as Talia walks through she would have taken psychic damage if not for Placer’s links. Madeline wants to create some sort of communication device, but there’s obviously something muddling what Sarah and Talia receive. Talia gets tired of waiting and tells Madeline that it’s not going to work and they’ll just have to meet up later. As the group splits, Sarah comments “You and Placer don’t seem to like me, do you?” and Talia responds “Don’t flatter yourself, I don’t like anyone.” They continue down the hallway and enter the Tea Room, where Sarah sees a familiar person.


Talia observes Sarah greeting her friend Dani, who may or may not be a ghost. She texts Placer, “I'm testing to see if communication is still fucky, partly to explore whether it affects an area or is attached to anyone who passes under the archway. I’ll send a message for each room entered. Hopefully we can compare notes later.” They move on to a room with faces on the walls, Talia texts "Next room. Sarah found a friend. Kill me now." She receives a response, “You should kill her.” Talia assumes that this is not exactly what Placer attempted to send her. A face asks Sarah what she finds most irritating about Talia, and some of the faces begin to imitate Talia’s aloof behaviors. Another face asks Talia what irritates her about Sarah - “What doesn’t?” Madeline and Placer enter from another door, and a face asks Placer what he finds most irritating about Talia, and he mentions her communication and that she’s “too skilled.” The faces ask Madeline about Placer, and then Talia about Madeline (“She’s too good.”) Placer turns back and goes to the music room and the group follows. Talia brings up the rear so she can keep an eye on Dani. Placer plays a piano tune and gets something from under the piano. Dani greets Madeline and Placer, and Placer gives her a grenade before leaving to go back to the faces room. Placer then enters a ballroom, with Dani and then Talia following behind. An orchestra begins to play and Madeline, Sarah, and Dani become entranced. Talia attempts to break Madeline out of it and ends up causing harm, so she takes a step back. Placer goes upstairs to the balcony and then texts Talia, who receives the messages “The music will end shortly. Now’s your chance.” and "The barman seems nice." Talia continues to assume that the messages are tampered with and continues to guard the three dancing teammates as Placer leaves on his own. Talia waits until the music ends and they stop dancing. Sarah then immediately heads to the next door (where Placer went) and everyone follows. They go down a secret passage and find a chapel. The glass partition begins to display a scene from Sarah and Dani’s past, some sort of massacre with the enemies becoming more and more insect-like. The glass then goes back to being just glass. Placer again has gone off on his own. The rest of the group follows shortly after. They enter a room with a dog, which Talia quietly approaches and coaxes him out from under the bed. He seems friendly, and Talia reads the collar. The dog’s name seems to be “Buddy,” and after a few minutes of petting starts zooming around the room to check everyone out. Placer seems to be afraid of dogs, which Talia points out. Talia adds the dog to the party. They move through the next door into a hallway. Placer attempts to open a locked door. Talia motions for Buddy to stay put and approaches Placer to give him her set of light tools. "I've never put in the time to learn, so if you'd find them useful, they're yours." He successfully opens the door to an art room and then suggests that they split up to examine some of the other rooms. Talia takes Buddy’s cue to follow Madeline into the nursery, where they find a Smiling Man doll and a book with the same eerie verse on each page. They walk back out to the hallway.
Mae’s heard how magical girls were created and is in the dreaming with Madeline, Placer, Paul Blart, and the creators of Paul Blart Mall Cop. She tried to friendship-speech Madeline, but Madeline just gave excuses and a weak “you’re right, but…” so Mae isn’t at all confident that her friendship speech accomplished anything. She hopes it did. Mae isn’t going to follow the group back to the psychosphere. Mae disconnects and returns the bracelet to Talia.
"This is yours, not mine. I'm not going to hold you to the rest of our agreement. I hope you choose to continue, but it must be because you want to, not because I tell you to. I don't need updates anymore - to be fair, I think I'll know how it's going without them - but I'll never ignore your calls."
Placer, Madeline, and Talia enter the psychosphere for the first time. The psychosphere is full of characters from all sorts of media. The more people dream about it, the more powerful it is there. Even the currency is based on belief. We got into a bar fight courtesy of Thor, took directions from a trickster who happened to be Loki even though Loki is currently captive, traipsed through the caterpillar subways, ruined a party, and snuck into a castle. 
Placer attempted to convince the guards at the castle to let him in without luck. There are two guards at every entrance. Thor came out of the castle and noticed us. Thor took interest in Placer and flew off with Placer in tow. Madeline was able to follow with Talia. The group told Thor that we are new characters. Thor took us to a bar. Madeline showed Thor a picture of the Dreameater and Thor was unhappy. Madeline and Placer tell Thor that they don’t want to go to more bars and Thor storms off. 
Sarah enters the psychosphere. The group goes to the subway and Talia fails to understand a map. Sarah startles the ticketer by not having any belief at all. Sarah tries to damage the caterpillar subway car. There’s a barrier to continuing and the group continues on foot. Some fog makes the journey weird, and Sarah stops to be impulsive. Talia follows behind the group to keep an eye on them. Placer goes off on his own and Talia follows while Madeline stays to watch Sarah. At a split in the path, they find a tunnel that leads to a party. 
The party is loud and rambunctious and Sarah doesn’t like it. The group discovers a room that can turn into different sorts of room depending on need. Sarah needs a quiet room to get away from the party. They find out that they are unable to leave the party until the party ends, so they come up with destructive plans. Sarah uses her tools to stop the music. Other things happen. The party ends, and the group makes their way to the underground castle entrance. 
The group explores the lower levels of the castle, but Placer is soon separated from the group. Placer is taken to a magical girl conference and meets Sailor Moon. Placer receives a vivre card from Sailor Moon and sees other magical girls in attendance. Talia, following Madeline and Sarah, notices Sebastian is about to find them. Talia approaches Sebastian and claims that she needs to use the bathroom. Talia tells Sebastian that they had been with Thor, but Thor got mad and left them. Madeline and Sarah don’t understand that Talia was trying to distract Sebastian so they could get away, and they follow Talia and Sebastian. Sebastian gives Talia, Sarah, and Madeline badges for the magical girl conference. Because Madeline and Sarah aren’t as accomplished at lying, Sebastian figures out that they’re not supposed to be in the castle.
Sebastian takes Madeline, Sarah, and Talia to see Dionysus. They tell Sebastian that Placer is the group leader, and Sebastian goes to retrieve Placer from the magical girl conference. Dionysus explains their situation and the team agrees to work together.
Back in Times Square, the group splits to talk to different characters. Sarah talks to Epimetheus and tells him that we’re trying to throw Zeus a surprise party. Madeline talks to Carmen and receives her contact information. Carmen introduces us to the information brokers: Izaya, Undertaker, and Enokida. They will assist us for a price. Kraven spears Talia, who brushes it off like it didn’t happen. Talia accuses Carmen of this being a trap and suggests bad intentions. When the group exits the alley, Placer is caught in a net by Kraven. He frees himself and Talia gets a few shots off in retaliation. Madeline and Sarah follow Kraven and join the hunt. The hunt is weird and involves both hunting and presents, apparently. Placer heads off to the castle and Talia follows.
Placer attempts to enter through the front door of the castle with difficulty. Talia enters with ease due to the magical girl conference badge. Talia and Placer give Sebastian a potential contact list. Sebastian says that he will follow up with characters on the list. Placer stops to question Talia’s motives and Talia is cagey. The hunt reaches the castle and Placer and Talia utilize the chaos to explore more of the castle. 
Sarah wanted to talk to one of the Drs Who about time travel, so the group assists her in finding information. Sarah disconnects and Placer purposely tries to lose Talia. Placer is taken away by a Gargoyle and flies off to Xanatos while Madeline and Talia try to follow. Madeline and Talia stop by the information broker alley and then make their way to the police station. They find someone who assists them in knowing where to go and finally catch up with Placer just as he’s leaving Xanatos’s office. Talia is irritated with the whole thing.
Madeline got Green Arrow’s contact information and sets up a meeting. Oliver throws a glass bauble at the team, which transports us into a memory with a bad landlord evicting a tenant. Placer chooses to stand by and watch, and Talia does not feel that this is her problem to deal with. Madeline tries to talk it out, and Sarah suggests tying up the landlord and putting him in the dumpster. The team is full of very normal, safe, and good characters. Oliver finds this hilarious but doesn’t know if he believes that they’re from the real world. Madeline attempts to move Oliver into the dreaming but takes him to a weird limbo place first. Oliver is convinced and will assist the team.
To try to get to the village where one of the Drs Who is known to visit, the group visits a rental car agency. The rental car agency refuses to give the group a vehicle because vehicles that go to that village don’t typically come back. Sarah suggests hotwiring a vehicle. Madeline gets mad at Talia for not being friendly enough, which pisses Talia off immensely. The group finds a junkyard and begins looking for potential vehicle options. After exploring the junkyard, they come across some sort of event where cyborgs are tied up and about to be executed. The team rescues the cyborgs, and then the cyborgs rescue them. Sarah shows up with the Terminator. The cyborgs take us in their ship, view Sarah’s memory, give Talia a communicator, and drop the group off at the village. 
Cybermen are attacking the village. Placer goes off to poke at the car and hide from Talia. Sarah almost dies, but then the group explodes a lot of things and defeats the cybermen. The Doctor gave us a ride back to Times Square before most of the team disconnects.
Talia sneaks off to the castle to ask Sebastian about how to get to hell and what happens when psychosphere residents die. Sebastian states that they think the timing has to do with human belief but it hasn’t been tested. Sebastian doesn’t think anyone oversees the resurrection process and suggests that Talia should ask a death god. There are some theories of people not being resurrected, when they die and they’ve been forgotten by humans, but who would ever remember that it happened? Sebastian tells Talia that Hades is in Tartarus and that she should avoid Izanami. 
The next day, the group decides to find Sherlock. Sherlock thinks that Dionysus, Set, and Loki are the problems. Madeline gives more information than Talia would like. Talia goes to chat with the landlady and finds that there’s another occupant of the apartment complex. The group follows a cat that turns out to be Macavity. The cat leads them to Moriarty, who states that he is on our side. Moriarty wants the group to try to change Sherlock’s allegiance. Sarah tries to ditch the group. Everyone gets cell phones, and then Placer storms off and gets kidnapped again. Madeline and Sarah split off as well. Talia meets Shazam and Black Adam, stops a fight between the two, suggests that Black Adam should try being good, and goes to get ice cream with Shazam. Talia asks Shazam to take her to the underworld and he agrees. Placer notices Talia flying off with Shazam and calls to see what she’s up to. Shazam takes Talia to the river styx first, and then suggests that he can actually get her in instead. He does so and they appear at a tree. Talia and Shazam go to Hades’ office. Hades tells Talia that it’s like a revolving door around here, they come and then they disappear. Hades states that he wouldn’t be able to hold Zeus if he’s still the ruler of the gods. 
During this time, Sarah makes a vehicle and Madeline visits the library. Madeline figures out where Gotham is and Sarah picks her up. They head to Gotham together and get in a fight with some other characters on the way. Placer gets there first and does his void exploration stuff. 

On tonight's episode of MGRPG, we went to meet Anime Sherlock Holmes. 
He was convinced that Set, Loki, and Dionysus are an issue. 
We followed Macavity to see Moriarty. 
Moriarty wants us to gear Sherlock on the right direction.
Sarah ran off and did secret shit.
The group all got psychosphere cellphones, which Sarah tried to instantly turn off, and Finn was dumb and rolled a nat1 on something where he didn't have to roll, causing dumb shit to occur, and Placer to storm off in a power-walk-of-venting.
We were planning on talking with Batman, or finding other Detectives/Thieves to help us gather intel on the Dreameater. 
Moriarty said he'll get back to us with how to get Sherlock on the right path. (Sebastian still hasn't gotten back to us, either, for the record)

IN TONIGHT'S EPISODE:
The party is split! 
Nyala spends time in a library, Sarah builds a car, Talia hitches a ride from Shazam to the Underworld, and Placeholder is confronted by Fisk before meeting with Xanatos to discuss his own secret machinations. 
Will the party remain split for long? 
Will Placeholder ever stop being an awful person and get that sweet character development properly? 
Find out next time on Magical Girl Z!
Also reminder, Ollie also is supposed to get back to us. 
So that makes Sebastian, Ollie, and Moriarty who are going to contact us eventually.
Also we just finished playing Night 4 Part 2, for the record. 

NIGHT 4 PART 3: 
Talia meets James Wood Hades and parties in Hell, chatting up all of the Underworld, trying to persuade a Status Quo Shift in the Psychosphere; Placer meets Batman Beyond Bruce and activates a Boom Tube into The Void; and Madeline and Sarah meet Batman Beyond Terry, the Sarah-mobile getting trashed in a fight between Terry and Ace(Robot) and damage happens because combat dice are the best dice. 

Night 4 Part 4:
The split-party finally comes together! 
Placeholder gets the Mark Of The Outsider from Dishonored, Talia steals Placer's phone, the party meets and recruits Batman, gets a message from Martian Manhunter that Superman is likely going to be friendly, and Sarah suggested to the party that they lay low for a while to let heat cool down as well as let the NPCS do the recruitment and gathering.
Sarah also gets a workshop-space in which to repair and spruce up the Sarah-mobile as well as other stuff.
End of Night 4.

Beginning of Day 5:
Sarah continues her tinkering, Madeline gathers more data from her Dad, and Placer has a conversation with Mae in the cafe. 

Night 5 Part 1: Events unravel and experimentations occur
Conversations happen, too
Placer and Talia are bad influences on each other. 

Sarah is doing secretive things and picked either the best or worst possible collaborator

Session ended on Talia returning to the Dreaming and discovering that her Psychosphere Inventory stayed with her.

Night 5 Part 2:

Sarah has developed a (work in progress) method of trapping the Demon Pillbug in Sarah's dreamscape without (hopefully much) risk of damaging Sarah.
Paul Blart has memory problems; he's remembering films from Sarah's future. 
Oh, also Mae has replaced Talia in the psychosphere for the moment.

Night 5 Part 3: Exposition Dumbp™️

Mae tells Madeline that maybe Madeline and the group should work harder at sticking together and not splitting the party all the time.; if they group up, they're stronger together yadda yadda sappy shit.
Sarah gets terrible luck and loses her magical talking rock and gets knocked out. She now owes Enokida (Hakata Tonkotsu Ramens) in the Black Market two favours. 
Orion locates the Junkyard, and Placer pulls him into his dreamscape, where Orion currently is just kinda running rampant. Placer'll probably deal with him later.
Paul Blart is sequestered to Madeline's dreamscape to be kept safe.
Mae, Madeline, and Placer meet Kevin James and Co in Madeline's dreamscape where they discuss the lore and backstory and explain why Paul Blart "knows things". 

We left off with Placer asking about the AI mentioned in the Exposition Dumbp™️, and it turns out the Avatars are spinoffs of that AI, so Placer and Nyala summon their Avatars. At the sight of Placer's Avatar, Kevin James Co freaks out. 

Night 5 Part 4: Talking and Chases (which is basically the whole show but more applicable here than normally)

THE RUMOR COME OUT: DOES SARAH HARTEGAN IS GYNOID? 
We informed Sarah of the whole Exposition Dumbp™️ (Minus the facts that A: A different time-traveler was supposed to come back instead of Sarah, and B: Sarah can never go back to her timeline, according to Kevin James Co.) (Also Placer let slip that he's "confident Sarah isn't going to damage the timeline" by keeping secrets.)
Sarah confided in Placer that she is a gynoid (to which Placer could not give less of a shit), and she also promised to always keep her phone on.

We then discovered that The Golden Arrow from Jojo's is currently in Orion's possession, and after Sarah chases Placeholder trying to get him to consent to them penetrating his mind, he loses her and gets Mae to help him instead. 
While the crew goes to chill in Talia's Office-Space Mind (and Sarah builds a BFG), Mae and Placer get to try (and fail) to confront Orion, who doesn't want to leave and instead wants to take over Placer's mind (and is doing so rather quickly). 
Placer eventually agrees to let the other members join in the hunt (Mae MVP) and then confides in Mae that "Timothy" is his biggest secret. 
Placer and Mae return to the Clubhouse to rest and invite the group to meet up in hopes to get the party to unite in order to all participate in the Journey Into Placer's Mind in hunt of Orion. 

Night 5 Part 5: Episode of Placeholder 


After calling all the group together, the group pushes Placer out of the room before planning on what to do with Orion. 
They decide a Misinformation Campaign might be the wisest solution - muddy the waters on the information Orion can report back to Zeus before returning Orion to the Psychosphere. (Or just kill him, as Sarah suggests.)

The party enters Placer's mind and finds stuff. 
Lotsa memories. 
Most of them discovered by Sarah. 
Link to memory archive above. 
They also discover a mysterious black room-void-thing that Placer hadn't encountered before; a room with a rose-stem handle and that, when his Avatar looked into, started bleeding black from her eyes. But that's probably not a big deal.
(Also note to self, pick up the chains 'cause they're a cypher)

The party also discovers that Placer betrayed them back in the day - that time when the party tried to enter Estelle (Black)'s Dreamscape to heal her, and the villains all were there already and disconnected Estelle from the Dreaming? 
Yeah, that's how they knew. Placer sold them out in exchange for them promising to not hurt the Davis family.
So that was a fun revelation.

The party then confronts Orion and Madeline manages to use scorpions lure him out of the Room Of Bad Thoughts, into Placer's Dungeon Core room. 
Which, while there's no psychic AOE damage, still contains Placer's Heart, which probably isn't the best thing to have combat around. 

Night 5 Part 6: This episode brought to you by the number 4. (Because we both rolled a lot of 4s and had a lot of difficulty-4-s.) 

We locked Orion in the Clubroom, and also Placer's heart-crystal cracked and is leaking some light-aura so that's probably not good.
Otherwise, the entire party is damaged and tired and just wants to go rest. 
We're going to go and do some Downtime next session and do the interrogating of Orion and other stuff.

(Mae and Talia saw the heart-crystal's crack, but we don't think anyone else did.) 

Saturday, Night 6 Part 1: Finn didn't come up with a title and this session took place many months ago so... Title Unknown.
Madeline informs Sarah of the fact that Sarah can't go back in time, and then Madeline gets a folder from Keith detailing all the people who were harmed by the Conspiracy, and Keith explains that the only secrets he kept from Madeline (like Placer's Betrayal) was out of fear of her abandoning the mission.

Placer talks with Madeline in the Spider Petting Zoo, and then Placer contemplates the nature of friendship with Mae in the Cafe. 
He concludes by calling her his friend.

The group meets up and discusses strategy in the park, and then goes into the Dream Clubhouse. 
They get information that the Golden Arrow is in Artemis' temple, and then red-herring the shit out of Orion before wiping his memories of everything that happened in the dreamscape.

Talia "takes care" of Orion, leaving a bad-smelling puff of smoke (I only rolled twice this session and they were both nat-1s, still salty. Nobody suspects Talia.), and then the group goes into Placer's mind in order to investigate the Black Door.

We leave off with the group in Placer's mind ready to explore the Dark Room, Sarah still wants to contact Kevin James Co. 
Madeline deduced that it might be possible to poison the Dreameater by having it feed off the "opposite of consciousness" whatever that is (yet to share with group) and Madeline also discovered that any memories psychosphere-entities develop while in the dreaming are considered "dreams" and can therefore be stolen, so we can just mind-wipe anyone we steal away into here.
(Also Kelly thought there was something else she wanted to discuss with Keith but couldn't remember, we can flashback to that if we need to though) 

Saturday, Night 6 Part 2: Rose's Room, Recursing, and Rem Lezar.

Sarah enters Kevin James' dreamscape, and explains that her future isn't exactly great, and she kinda stole her time machine. She wants to go back to her timeline 'cause she kinda has family there - Kevin James says she has a new family now. (Also Kevin knows that Sarah isn't biological).
Sarah won't give up, regardless of whether or not she can truly go back to the future and save her family.
They discuss time-travel stuff, which I put in references.

After duct-taping his cracked heart, Placer leads the group through the Rose Door into that Mindscape Labyrinth from Yugioh. 
We discover that there's apparently two Roses - Computer-Interface Rose in the Dreamscape, and Imprisoned Rose in the Escher Labyrinth. 

No other party member's avatar is trapped, Sarah has an avatar which appeared before Sarah arrived in our timeline, and Talia's avatar is officially nicknamed "Shrug". 

The avatars go into a room to go play a TTRPG where they try to save Riel Namuh, meanwhile the party discovers the Server Room, in which they find the Master Control Program coincidentally happens to look like that blue guy nobody in the party actually knows about Rem Lezar.

Placer tries to tell all the party's avatars to lead their respective host into their own avatar-rooms whenever they're next in their own dreamscape (that's not confusingly worded at all) and then discovers a door to The Darkest House, which Tracey manages to stop Sarah from entering. 

Saturday, Night 6 Part 3: Tangle of Secrets and Technical Difficulties 

Sarah scouts out the Artemis Temple and meets up with Orion who seems to only have a vague idea who Sarah is.

Madeline explores her Avatar Room and the dreamscape in general, researching what the “opposite of consciousness” would be (she has informed the group of this concept offscreen.) Her “research clock” is at 1/6.

Talia and Placer exchange secrets in Talia’s dreamscape – after Placer giving Talia permission to explore his dreamscape in order to investigate the mystery of the Dual Roses, the two of them go to Hadestown to ask Hades about whether he knows when people respawn in the Psychosphere. Talia admits to Placer she killed Orion.

The group then plans a heist of Artemis Temple – Sarah has a Temporary Speed Force ability, Placer can disguise himself and infiltrate, and the other two... we didn’t plan their roles during the heist. We probably should do that before the next session. 

Saturday, Night 6 Part 4: Detective Placer, Disguise-Maker Madeline, Devotee Sarah, Talia.
Sarah goes and plays with Squirrels and Panthers and Golden Eggs in the forest during her trial to become a worshiper of Artemis, 
Placer goes some base-level investigation of the layout of Artemis' Temple before meeting up with Artemis and Zeus and noping out of there (The Golden Arrow is not on the First or Lower floor of the temple),
Talia meets up with Sebastian and discuss the list of Allies recruited before receiving invitations for Bulma's birthday party this evening, 

Saturday, Night 6 Part 5: Heist v1, Party v1
Madeline's “research clock” is at 2/6.
Sarah disguises herself as Reverse Flash, and gets shot by Artemis in the vault. 
She places a magic mirror and then disconnects out-of-view of Artemis. 
Talia goes off and presumably investigates the Dual Rose situation (apparently Talia's avatar knows about the two roses? investigate later)
The party then boards the Sarahmobile and drives over to Bulma's party.
Sarah outfits the Sarahmobile with an exotic speaker system only to discover the party is on a cruise liner, much to her dismay. 
Talia listens to Placer be introspective as he ponders why he's got a martyr-complex - he concludes by blurting out "COMPLIMENTS!" before going proper tsundere, blushing and walking away. 

Madeline discusses the opposite of consciousness with a bunch of necro-scientists. Dr. Bleak says he'll look into it and gives Nyala his Vivre card, Victor Frankenstein exchanges phone numbers.
Hib reprimands us for not reading every book he recommends, as Sarah tries to learn how to swordfight with Gideon the Ninth or whoever. 

Saturday, Night 6 Part 6: Sarah gets fucking bodied.

Future Trunks suggests to Sarah the idea of bringing her family here.
Talia talks with Bulma - if we have a piece of the Dreameater, she can make a radar. (Gus Shepard might be useful after all. Good job, Placer! ... Shame Placer forgot about Gus, though, so someone else in the group will have to mention it to him.)
Madeline acquires another Vivre Card (with a character I've forgotten) as they discuss the idea of fusing void-light traps with telepaths.
Sarah encounters some goons trying to steal the Dragon Balls and instantly attempts to body them, before getting bodied by Trunks. Placer calms the situation, then scolds Sarah for being reckless.
Talia talks with Vegeta and Goku about joining the war.
The group meets up to discuss the idea of Sarah using the hyperbolic time chamber (with potentially Kevin James) to advance her time-travel research.
Placer cheekily stashes an explosive by the Dragon Ball door as the group heads back to the party in order to enter the Bingo Tournament. 


Saturday, Night 6 Part 7: This would make a very boring episode of an anime.

Bingo! 
As cheating runs rampant in the Bingo tournament, the group discusses the idea of maybe spending time together - going to the cinema or something. 
Nyala and Sarah are open to the idea, Placer suggests that he's okay with them texting an invite to him. 
Talia doesn't seem receptive to the idea.

Placer and Talia discuss the idea of Talia maybe being more friendly, but Talia (while seeming receptive to the idea) shoots down the conversation due to the venue not being best-suited for private talks. 
Also Placer definitely doesn't flirt with Talia. 
Placer is incapable of feeling love or attraction to anyone. 
Any accusations to the contrary are false. 

Madeline manages to warp Sarah's card to win the Dragon Balls, though we get away with it mostly 'cause it was Sebastian who verified our card's authenticity. 
We should probably iron out the wording of the wish on the dragon balls beforehand

Saturday, Night 6 Part 8: Hib decides it's a good idea to have teams of NPCs fighting each other. He immediately regrets this decision.

Placer and Talia go into a dark corner and talk about intimate things. 
Like how Talia should start sharing her ideas with Placer, who promised to not try to stop her if she does share ideas and then acts on them. 
Talia invites Placer to join her for lunch in her dreamscape tomorrow. 
They are definitely not flirting. 
Sarah gets healed by Dende who, alongside Bulma, is very helpful in providing data about the Dreameater and Shenron's abilities. 
Talia takes Bulma's business card. 
The group meets up to discuss plans for what to wish about. 
We eventually agree to wish for the ability to communicate with the Dreameater. Placer volunteers to make the wish, but Freeza and co show up before the dragon can be summoned. 

Dragon Ball locations: Three in glove compartment, one in the ocean, one with Guldo and Tracey, two with the freeza force. 
Tracey currently has two friendly-fire grenades materialized as she goads Guldo into taking her far away from the fight, seducing him before she can blow him up and take his dragon ball.

Talia is currently evanesced and near Recoome.

Sarah is buzzing the ship in an airborne VW bus firing sonic blasts from the speakers on the roof, which is fucking absurd and completely awesome

Madeline is in the centre of the fight

Saturday, Night 6 Part 7: Fighting, Freaky Friday, and Finally Ending Night 6.
Placer seduces Guldo before killing him, and then goes on Dragon Ball Collection Duty. 
Talia gets Freaky Friday-ed with Ginyu, and takes him to the Clubhouse in response. They swap back right before Sarah arrives, leaving poor Madeline alone on the battlefield. 
As Placer gets Goku to help him collect Dragon Balls, Talia rolls 8s and doubles and fails. A lot. 
Ginyu proves to be harder to kill than anyone would like. 
Madeline puts up a valiant fight, but gets beaten down until eventually Placer assists in her escape to the Clubhouse, where she arrives just in time to see Talia and Sarah kill Ginyu.
Meanwhile Placer tricks Jace and Burter into trusting him, and then backstabs them. While he takes out Burter no problem, Jace proves to be more of an issue, but thankfully divine intervention in the form of Freeza's body being flung into Jace eliminates that issue. 
The Z Fighters beat Freeza's army, and Vegeta blows up their ship as they retreat.
As the group recuperates from the battle, Placer rounds up all the dragon balls and they all reconvene on Bulma's Ship, where they finally get to make their wish.
Placer beats Hib's attempt to folly his wish by being overly specific, which grants him a Blackberry Razor cellphone which can communicate with the Eldritch Monstrosity from Beyond Spacetime or wherever it's from.
Placer keeps the Razor for the night as the group agrees they're all way too tired to initiate first contact tonight - they'll discuss what to do later. 
For now, they make plans for tomorrow - Placer and Madeline will meet up before lunch, Placer and Talia will meet up during lunch, and Sarah and Madeline (and maybe other people like Cadence or Mae or even possibly Placer... probably not Talia) will then later go to the cinema together, spending the Sunday getting some much needed relaxation time.

End of Night 6. 

Sunday, Day 7: Social Bonding and the Cinema.
Madeline's “research clock” is now at 3/6.
We begin with Sarah looking for alternate methods to power her watch.
Madeline advances her "opposite of consciousness" research clock and then meets up with Keith to ask if there's any traces of the Dreameater lingering around. (aka Gus' keys). 
Keith suggests looking into Gus as well as checking Nyala's dreamscape for any crystal shards. 
Also Keith can no longer access the dreaming without the Dreameater's power, so he only has the new data Madeline's given him at this point.
Keith suggests the spiders might be predators looking for the Dreameater.
Placer and Madeline meet up - Placer thanks Madeline for putting up with him and tells her to be more confident as he muses of the nature of selfishness, Madeline encourages him that everyone's selfish and then reminds him that Gus exists. 
Placer agrees to give Madeline both Gus' key as well as the Razor.
Placer and Talia have a (very lengthy) interaction during lunch offscreen. 
Neither of them kill each other and they both get two experience points from it. 
Madeline meets up with one of her suspects from Season 2 to make amends as well as gather more info on what it was like to be in the Conspiracy.
At the Cinema, Placer talks with Mae before attempting to leave - Sarah and Placer roll identical nat20s and engage in a shove-war as Sarah slowly drags Placer into the theatre - though Placer does manage to get out of it and leaves. 
After the film, Sarah asks Madeline for help in understanding why she has an avatar and assistance in the supercomputer stuff.
Meanwhile, Placer introduces Talia to his greatest weakness - his little brother, Timothy.
And then Sarah informs Placer of her plan to visit her own brain before Placer starts waxing philosophical again for like the fifth bloody time today.
Madeline does some more scouting (only useful character advancing plot once again) before the group then meets up in the Clubroom to decide how the group wants to handle First Contact. 
The plan we've decided on is "We are researchers who've found Keith's notes" - Placer wants to get said notes before they begin. 
The group is probably going to Voyage Into Sarah's Mind before any First Contact attempts.
Placer has given Madeline Gus' keys. 
The Razor is in the middle of the table in the Clubhouse. 

Data Madeline obtained while scouting: In the past, when we've encountered the spiders we've seen them moving pretty much forever, but at the end of that session when scouting Madeline was able to follow the spider into the terminus of its walk and Madeline saw it enter the psychosphere. 

Sunday, Night 7 Part 2: Halloween!
The group gets a call from probably-not-dreameater on the Blackberry Razor in the clubroom - It offers us the potential to solve our infestation problem or something IDR exact wording. 
"Humanity's kind of interesting and you deserve a chance." 
That type of thing.
The door to the Clubroom then becomes a portal to the Darkest House. 
See link below to jump to specific data supplied during our exploration of said house.
In terms of character-storylines, Sarah's impulsive curiosity is putting the entire group in danger, and Placer and Madeline have to basically babysit Talia and Sarah as they both wander off on their own - Placer and Madeline both agree on a Buddy System so nobody is left wandering alone. 
Placer pairs himself with Talia and leaves Sarah to Madeline because he knows if he's paired with Sarah he will let her wander off alone which, while her dying wouldn't be a big loss, it would also leave him all alone which he doesn't want in spooky house. 
I will now list everything we've encountered so far: 
First room we encountered was the Livingroom. A paper on the table was the February Journal Entry (aka Remnant 1), the closet contained old spam mail - one from like a century ago, one from seven years, and IDR the other one. Also there was something about eyes. IDR. 

Second room was the Boundless Room, aka the Endless Hallway. 
We confirmed some teleportation-esc shenanigans were afoot in this room.
It contained a seemingly infinite number of holes in the floorboards leading to more floorboards leading to a clock. 
Also the hallway was inhabited by a giggling ghost girl in Raggedy-Ann clothing who kept informing us we were "bad at this" - whether "this" was us chasing her down or us navigating the house is unknown. 
The clock has two faces - put the right face's time ahead of the left face, nothing happens. Put the faces at the same time, swarm of angry red eyes encircle the clock. Put the left ahead of the right, a door appears - if you so much as think to stick your hand in the door, you get teleported. The group all eventually got teleported - presumably the clock fell to the floor and remains in the hallway.

The next room didn't have an image - I'll call it the Rug Room, though I suppose Empty Room could also be a name.
We've confirmed time-dilation shenanigans were afoot when every party member arrived at about the same time. 
It had passageways to the Right and Left as well as a Thick, Sturdy Door locked with a key. On the ground was a large, blue gold embroidery oval shaped old stains rug. Underneath said rug was the April Journal Entry (aka Remnant 9).

The group decided to head Left, entering the Library.
In the Library we found the December Journal Entry (aka Remnant 4) as well as three potions which Placer identified and then marked - Lavender-scented one heals, Cola-scented one lets someone instantly read a book, and Nothing-scented one allows someone to see through obstacles a-la x-ray vision.
We found a Revolver with 5 remaining bullets, which Sarah took - she gave her plasma blaster to Madeline after test-firing the revolver into the floor.
List of books obtained by the group:
The Dream Eaters
Cornucopia
Eyes of the Child
(Eyes of the Child had a picture whose eyes resembled the eyes in the closet in the Livingroom)
Madeline located a Secret Box (shaped like a book) which contained a Golden Pocket Watch and a device that can squirt acid a-la Joker's Flower. I think there was something else in the Secret Box, IDR.
Sarah was impulsive and reckless and approached a sentient bookcase that told her multiple times to stop approaching it, causing bad things to happen and Talia to take five damage.
Sarah's force-field jacket is no longer functioning.

Meanwhile, while Sarah was angering the house and books and Madeline was investigating the second bookcase, Placer and Talia were looking at the other points of egress in the Library - The door in-frame leads to a dark hallway with at least one door able to be made out, and then off-camera there is another door and a passageway. 
We did not investigate the passageway. 
As Placer opens the second, offscreen door, it is revealed to be Placer's bedroom (only dream-like).

More Details:
Placer has informed the group that "because the house has both teleportation and time-dilation, it's likely illusions aren't far off, so do not attack anything unless you are 1,000% sure it is going to harm you - if it's simply coming towards you while snarling, do not attack it until you start taking damage. Because chances are, it'll be one of us illusion-ed to look like a monster to your eyes, and we don't want us shooting each other." 

GAME DATA DETAILS:
Madeline's overall rating is 5, Talia and Sarah's overall rating is 6, and Placer's overall rating is 7. 
If Hib allows, in theory we could increase those numbers by spending experience to gain more assets - 0 to 1 progression stage in Tier 4 is Rating 6, 2 stages is Rating 7, and 3-4 stages is Rating 8.
So hopefully Madeline has enough experience to enter Tier 4 before next session and increase her overall rating to 6, assuming Hib allows mid-storyline advancements while in The Darkest House. 

Madeline found a torn piece of canvas with an eye on it in the closet. 
It's a match for the one Sarah found.


Sunday, Night 7 Part 3: Continuing Dark House.
Character Beats This Episode: 
Madeline informs Sarah that Sarah shouldn't be so impulsive and reckless, 
Sarah actually does start asking the group before doing things, 
Madeline uses her abilities to help Sarah escape an Elk attack unscathed, 
Talia informs Sarah to step away from a trap rather than just let Sarah die, 
Placer gifts Talia his "protect from mental damage" cypher, 
Madeline takes a risk for the team in getting the magical eyes while sacrificing her golden mirror, 
Placer protects group by kiteing Father into courtyard away from the group, 
Talia willingly checks in on Placer to see if he requires aid.
Though Placer and Talia both would not object to using Sarah as bait or misdirecting her into a trap.

We start in Placer's Room, which is a dream-like version of Placer's bedroom. There's nothing of interest besides a "wrong door" that shouldn't be there, which leads to:
"LYINGINSTATE" Room is a Large, reasonably-sized room with Dark wooden casket with a mirror draped in cloth in the center, vases of flowers around the room, table next to door with handwritten notes (aka Remnant 3). There is the wrong door as well as a door directly across from us.
As Talia approaches the door, a couple of ghostly figures float through the door into the room. 
They don't appear to be aware of Talia as they approach the casket. 

Next room is the Trophy room - aka room with a bunch of animal heads. 
Talia examines the fireplace - its ashes are cold.
As soon as all the party is in the room, we hear a shriek and a horrible wet, crunching noise and the giant stag deer head begins to move and rise and stretch away from the wall.
The party takes some psychic damage.
As Sarah shoots at the stag head and the party starts to move towards leaving the room, the scene of the room changes as specters of a man and two guests appear - the man is showing off various trophies until he gets to the elk/stag head, which promptly kills the man and one of the guests - the other escapes through the door.
The party takes more psychic damage - the elk takes a swing at Sarah, but thanks to Madeline's help Sarah makes it out unscathed.

After leaving this room, we find ourselves back in the library, emerging from the offscreen passageway (yay impossible geography).
As the group recuperates (and Placer sneakily chucks a grenade into his dream-bedroom) the group decides to enter the dark hallway accessible through the door in-camera of the library image. 

Scratch marks along the stones of the candle-lit hallway and a cool breeze - at the end of the hallway there is just one lone door.
This leads to the Interior Courtyard - everything in it is dead. In the middle is a statue of a weeping woman - at her feet is a shattered tablet. The courtyard is open to the pitch-black sky. There is a basement hatch in frame and another door.

The tablet once bore the image of the sun but water erosion has removed all text and detail.
A giant hand that deals psychic damage to those who behold it materializes in the sky above Sarah. 

The other doorway in the room is a staircase down which leads to a white hallway art gallery with a red carpet - paintings are old and faded, some are gnawed on. 
One is damaged canvas painting of a child - little boy.
One is a painting of a smiling man.
We meet the Gallery Show Curator.
A bargain of item transactions takes place - an item of value in exchange for the ability to see magical shit. 
Sarah and Madeline both offer items - though the Curator only accepts Madeline's offering.
After Madeline receives the gift, the curator vanishes. 
As soon as that happens, a giant of a man comes bursting through a doorway at the end of the art gallery.
Father yells "Don't touch my things! Don't poke your snooty little nose where it doesn't belong!" 

Placer kites Father into the courtyard - he gets Father to break the statue. Nothing happens. Disappointing.
The door in the art gallery that Father burst through leads back to the Empty Room AKA the Rug Room - through the sturdy, locked door, weirdly enough. 
The place where we entered from the clock is now an Elevator that only Madeline can see. 
It is lever-controlled with six positions. 
The rug-room is Position 4.
We all board the elevator and Sarah instantly pulls it to Position 5. 
Floor 5 is the Backrooms aka the yellow room. 

GAME DATA DETAILS:
While party members have taken damage, the party has frequently taken rests and I believe all damage sustained by the party has been healed by this point.

Sunday, Night 7 Part 4: 

After stopping Sarah from running off, the group decides to examine all the different floors. 
Then, the moment we go down to Floor 6, Sarah runs off.
The Guardian room.
Placer and Talia stay behind as Madeline and Sarah experience some spatial distortion as they head to the statue. 

Placer and Talia discuss whether or not they'd leave those two to die.
Sarah shows restraint - "That's definitely a monster - we either all face it together or we leave it and move on to the next floor." 
The group heads back and we go up to Floor 3... and meet a room full of mannequins. 
We nope out of that floor and go look at Floor 2.
Floor 2 is the Great Hall. 
Lotsa passageways and doors to explore. 
Not detailing them yet - group decides to look at Floor 1 first. 
Floor 1 is the Music Room, with several doors in it as well as a grand piano. 


Madeline investigates the sheet music - Remnant 18.

We then move over to the weird, glowing door.... leading us to a weird chamber. (Gatekeeper Room). Where we meet the Gatekeeper. 
Sarah does try to show a little more restraint which is nice.
The Gatekeeper asks us if we wish to leave - we don't, so we go back to the Music room where Sarah investigates another door that leads to the Empty Bedroom. 
"Meaning is a burden" is carved above a large, stone archway hiding behind the curtain in the Empty Bedroom - Talia walks in and gets some psychic damage. 
Placer's Cypher comes in clutch, saving Talia's bad roll.
After Sarah fails to chip off the engraving, she brazenly walks through the archway after Talia - but manages to come out unharmed. 

After the group establishes that communication isn't viable, they create a passphrase and then split up as Talia and Sarah walk off.
Madeline and Placer investigate an empty closet that sadly isn't a gateway to Narnia, and then go back to the Music Room to explore the other area - an antechamber leading to the Shonin (Japanese) room, in which Remnant 8 is discovered.
We also play with the radio and get some audio snippets - A reoccurring musical motif, and a child informing us "The Doll Room is safe", "Find the doorman if you want to leave, Find the Smiling Man if you want to stay forever." 

Meanwhile, Sarah asks Talia if Placer and Talia hate Sarah - Talia responds she hates everyone. 
Sarah says something about her going to change that, IDR. 
They open the next door and find, in the Tea Room, a figure from Sarah's backstory. 

Quick retcon! 
When you were in the Mannequin Room you heard the voice that called you on the phone in your heads
Look closely!

Also Hib is probably going to start throwing in that Razor phone voice in to give us hints to "assist" us. He may retcon past events to include this. 

Sunday, Night 7 Part 5:

We open with Sarah hugging definitely not an evil illusion version of a friend of hers from Sarah's timeline who has no idea what's going on and everyone's very confused.
Talia watches this with distaste, checking her phone (presumably hoping in vain it can be used as a lifeline out of this interaction). 
Sarah continues to hug Dani as they catch up on what's even happening.
Dani: A potential backup character if Sarah dies.
Sarah unquestioningly accepts Dani's existence here as she invites her to join the group. 
DANI JOINS THE PARTY.

After examining the Tea Room and finding nothing of interest (besides it's clean and set for a child's tea party), Team Archway advances (Talia following at a distance and eyeing Dani with suspicion.)

Both parties time their entries to the next room perfectly - The Hallway of Irritating Faces. AKA the Leering Ones. 
The faces begin spouting off irritating stuff about the party members, attempting to instigate inter-party conflict and shit. 
Placer quickly backtracks and solves the Piano Puzzle, getting a magical Chisel. 
One of presumably Five artifacts acquired!
Dani runs up and greets Madeline friendly. 
Dani seems to be under the impression she is, like, a ghost from the future or something.

Placer gives Dani a "friendship token good luck protection charm" (a grenade) which sadly Dani instantly recognizes, but still stakes. 
Placer then moves forward, through the Shonin and Leering Hall into the north room, which is a Ballroom. 
As Placer nears the stage, an orchestra suddenly appears. 
Dani chucks her grenade in panic and then runs and hides in a corner - as Talia watches over her, Placer plugs his ears as the rest of the group enters the room.

This turns out to be a good thing, as the party members besides him and Talia begin dancing uncontrollably to the music. 
As Talia attempts to free Madeline, Madeline takes a level 5 mental wound. 
Placer advances up the stairs to find a barman. 

The barman informs Placer that the music usually doesn't last very long - Placer texts this info to Talia as he decides to go to the next room alone- a bedroom with a secret passage. 
Placer finds the secret passage. 
He goes into the secret passage.
About this time, the music ends. 
The group composes themselves and then follows Placer. 

The secret passage leads into the Secret Chapel, in which Placer instantly discovers another secret passage because apparently it's secret-passage-galore in here. (I was only half-serious, I am still amazed I was right that there was an actual second secret passage)
The Secret Chapel is full of a bunch of cat-figurines and also other weird trinkets. 

Once the whole group has entered the Secret Chapel, Razor Voice informs us that "I am glad you have drive to get here". 
Placer takes this cue (admittedly too genera-savvy) and investigates the room, finding a Screwdriver. 
He picks it up and then gets out of there. 
Meanwhile the rest of the group looks into the Glass Partition, which depicts a graphic, horrific image of family, friends, and people dying and shit (showing Dani and Sarah an actual horrific moment from their lives which is fun.) 
Poor Dani takes damage, presumably. In the Secret Chapel, Madeline also finds Remnant 14. 

The group then crawls through the secret-secret passage into the Bedroom with the Dog. 
The game file literally calls it "Dog Room". 
As Dani and Sarah recuperate from the traumatic glass partition, and Madeline investigates the notebook on the desk, Talia attempts to coax the scared dog out of hiding. 
She succeeds. 
The Dog's collar reads "Buddy." 

Buddy heals all party members of their lowest mental wound (meaning all party members are fully healed now).
BUDDY HAS BEEN ADDED TO THE PARTY.
The group enters a hallway - Placer instantly finds a locked door and tries to open it - Talia notices this, tells Buddy to wait for a moment, and then gives Placer her lockpick set. 
Placer gives her what might have been a flash of a genuine smile.
The Door leads to the art studio. 
Placer suggests that he can examine this room alone (it's worked out well so far, right?). 
Sarah goes and busts down another door, as the rest of the group investigates the other door available which leads to a nursery. 

The Nursery contains a self-rocking rocking chair, a Smiling Man doll, a cradle, a book "Happy family" containing the a sing-song verse (Remnant 11). 

Madeline ripped a page out of the book

Placer, in the studio, does... stuff, and also nicks a painting of a tree and wolf thingy.

House has acted 4 times.

Notebook Madeline found: This lined, spiral-bound notebook is filled with what looks like math homework in the front, but toward the end, each page just has scrawled in dark letters one of the following phrases: I hate you. I will kill you. I’m better than you. Each is repeated many times.

We leave off with Sarah having opened the other door in the hall, which leads to the second Familiar Room of the house that we've encountered. 
To whom the Familiar Room connects to remains to be seen.

Talia has Hades’ phone number and a card that she can give to the ferryman to enter hell independently. 
Shazam agreed to take Talia back to Gotham (and is more than a little dubious about Talia at this point).
 Shazam revealed more information than Talia would have liked. 
J'onn mentioned a “disruption in the outer realms” when Talia asked about “darkness” but was unsure of the cause. 
Talia received a business card from Batman (1-800-228-2283). 
Talia has Placer’s old phone - no numbers are saved in it, but call history is intact. 
It is password protected. 

After disconnecting from the Psychosphere, Talia went to school (since it is a school day and all). 

Placeholder asked to meet Mae at their usual cafe and revealed that his grenades were actually his bottled up emotions - the power of love and friendship, weaponized - and that his solution to the dream eater problem is to nuke it with his holy heart grenade. 
He’s confident that this will likely kill him as well. 
That’s super not acceptable to Mae. 
Placer has asked Mae to look out for what he cares about if he doesn’t make it out alive. 
Mae revealed that she’s Talia’s employer, and expressed concerns that Talia was going to do what amused her if Placer didn’t rein that in. 
Mae then updated Talia’s directives in an attempt to find more ways to kill the dream eater.  

Mae told Talia to contact Madeline, so Talia did text Madeline to ask how she could help, and agreed to assist with researching fictional entities similar to the dream eater. 
Mae later contacted Talia again to request to meet at the usual dreamworld location an hour before normal meeting time.


In the dreaming, Talia arrived an hour early with Mae. 
Mae then went off to hide with Cadence. Sarah arrives covered in grime from the psychosphere. 
Madeline, Sarah, and Placer have some semblance of a conversation about next steps, and Madeline admits that her idea is to re-trap the dream eater inside herself. Madeline then gets a call from Cadence, and has a conversation with Mae and Cadence about Placer’s explosive plans. 
Mae suggests that Madeline take Placer with her to the psychosphere-library and try to find other ways to take out the dream eater. 
Placer goes off to the library independently, and Sarah goes off on her own, leaving Talia to greet Madeline when she gets back. 
Talia initially goes off with Madeline to the library, but when Placer expresses to Madeline disappointment that Talia is with her, Talia goes off on her own and calls Batman. 
Placer then calls Talia and after a bit of verbal dancing they decide to enter the castle via the underground route. 
Placer states that he went with Batman to procure an “asset” and describes his nuclear arsenal. 
Talia asks Placer if he’s thought of the legal ramifications and if he has a will. 
Talia vaguely describes her hell-army, and notes that a few others were there as well that may assist in figuring out what’s going on with the dream eater. 
Talia gets a text from Sarah asking her to come see her in the dreaming (utilizing her psychosphere phone in the dreaming), and Placer gets a text from Xanatos.
Placer calls Xanatos back and Xanatos verbalizes displeasure in “gods in and out of his office” and states that he will not contact Placer again, nor should Placer contact Xanatos, but they’ll be there at the culminating battle. 
Talia finds this hilarious and comments “Gods? What would gods have to do with little old me?” 
Talia admits to Placer that she doesn’t care about the psychosphere and what happens after the job is done. 
Talia shares that Sarah’s phone works in the dreaming, and that it’s probably related to Sarah showing up to the dream meeting looking like she needed a shower. 
Talia then disconnects to see what Sarah wants - and finds herself in the dreaming with her psychosphere inventory.


Mae told Talia about the spiders. 
Talia helped Sarah test out her dreameater trap - currently, Talia can be escorted into Sarah’s Stepfordian dream, and can exit independently (although it feels like ‘molasses’ to leave), but cannot re-enter independently. 
Sarah then left Talia. 
Talia re-entered the psychosphere in the castle. 
Talia left the castle without fanfare and made her way to a cafe, where she just texted Madeline spider emojis. 
Madeline went to ask Mae about it, and when Mae wasn’t in her dream, Talia said she’d get her and abruptly disconnected and woke up. 
Talia went to Mae’s and woke her up, then told her to meet Madeline in her dream. 
Talia gave Mae her bracelet temporarily, and Mae met Madeline to tell her about the spiders. 
The spiders are over-leveled and out of place, walking in the same direction, appearing from nothing and vanishing into nothing. 
When Madeline is about to take her leave and go back to the psychosphere, Mae displays the bracelet and asks to tag along. 
Madeline and Mae enter the psychosphere with Madeline taking them directly to Sarah’s junkyard workshop, where Sarah and Placer have just pulled up with a very upset Paul Blart.


After Madeline has an altercation with Orion, Madeline, Placer, Mae, and Paul Blart go to the dreaming clubhouse and learn more about the situation. 
Placer captures Orion in his dream. 
Kevin James and company arrive to give an exposition dump.


Mae, Placer, and Madeline discuss more about what avatars are, and Mae works hard to ignore the conversation, as she and her avatar are not on speaking terms. 
Mae works to suppress that part of her as much as possible, why would tonight be any different? 
In fact, the idea that they’re a part of who they are inside would only make Mae more uncomfortable.  

Mae chooses to leave when Placer and Madeline go to find Sarah, fills in Talia with all the information Mae’s learned and experienced while in the dreamscape, and tells Talia that she’s not tied to their agreement anymore. 
Talia, after hearing all of this information, goes to her dreamscape to plot things out on her whiteboard. 
She’s texted by Sarah with a request to help convince Placer of something (to which Talia responded unhelpfully), and Madeline with their location (which she ignores). 
Talia remains in her dream. 
Before long, Sarah enters her dream and is too tired to leave; Talia reacts with annoyance and tells Sarah to sleep it off on the floor. Madeline soon follows, and Talia continues to be irritated that there are people in her dream. 


Placer reaches out to Mae, who agrees to join him in his dream. 
Placer, obviously distraught, leads Mae into his fortress, full of traps and minigames and secrets. 
They find Orion, and Mae manages to knock him to the floor after he shoots an arrow at her. 
She convinces him to listen to them for 5 minutes, and talks don’t go super great. 
Placer takes a knife to the stomach, Mae punches Orion again, Placer manages to hit Orion as well, and Orion flees. Placer follows, so Mae follows Placer. 
Placer takes an arrow, Mae moves to cover and asks why he’s not using explosives. (“Are you not friends with your mind?”). 
Placer, impaired, continues to try to run after Orion, and Mae manages to stop him and convince him to rest, retreat, and get the rest of the team. 
They return to the clubhouse. 
Placer reaches out to Sarah and Madeline, then asks Mae about Talia. 
Mae suggests that Talia prefers keeping secrets over telling secrets, and that she hasn’t sold them out yet - why would she start now? 
Mae doesn’t tell Placer that Talia no longer answers to Mae. 
Placer reaches out to Talia (“Does that mean everyone can get the fuck out of my dream?”), and Talia is happy to get everyone out of her dream and back to the clubhouse for the showdown with Orion.


The group begins at the clubhouse and Placer gives details about the situation. 
Talia stresses multiple times that she doesn’t trust Placer’s mind to keep secrets from Orion, and Placer moves out of earshot. 
Talia suggests they misdirect Orion by flooding the field with lies about what they’re up to, and preferably a better fake “trump card” than their ability to take things back and forth from psychosphere to dream. 
She also suggests that Madeline make scorpions to throw off Orion. 
Placer doesn’t wander off (small miracles), and the group heads to his dreamscape. 

Placer’s dream is full of audio and then visual clips. 
Talia ignores all opportunities in these hallways/rooms for Placer’s secrets, instead focusing on the mission at hand and wanting to get to Orion as soon as possible. 
Mae sticks by Placer and pointedly only wants to know what Placer wants her to know. 
Placer requested that Mae look at a picture memory to give her a glimpse of his childhood home life, and after some back-and-forth also shared the betrayal memory with her. 
Placer was upset and expected the group to be mad; Mae was firmly not mad, Madeline verbalized she was more upset with her father, Talia continued to not care. 
Talia did laugh a bit at Placer’s diatribe about that choice of betrayal/guilt being a part of him.
Mae commented, “You didn’t hold up your end of the bargain,” in that Placer did more than “superficial damage” to the Conspiracy. 

In the center room, Orion is in the room of “bad thoughts” and although Placer initially chooses to shut him in the room and suggests they leave him there, Sarah enters the room (and Placer re-shuts the door), and then Madeline creates scorpions to chase Orion out of the room and into the center room.


Talia didn’t stop to observe too many of Placer’s internal memories, but did learn that Placer’s childhood was unhappy, he had to take care of his brother from a young age, he betrayed the group to the Conspiracy, he feels that the group should hate him for that, he doesn’t feel that he can put the group ahead of his brother in importance or safety, and that he “almost killed” someone. That’s still a lot of information! 


Orion battle! 
Mae did really well and got off a lot of successful attacks. 
Talia did pretty well too, with a few great turns and a few not so great (including hitting Sarah once). 
Talia got the final hit and got to decide whether to incapacitate him or kill him; Talia chose to incapacitate. 
Placer’s heart crystal is cracked and leaking light, and Orion is tied up in the clubhouse. 


Placer talked with Mae about friendship and Mae made her exit (basically, “good luck with that!”).
Placer calls a team meeting with Madeline, Sarah, and Talia and they discuss their plans: deal with Orion by giving him red herrings and get information for Sarah, then go to Placer’s dream to deal with Rose’s dark door. 
Orion tells the group that the golden arrow is with Artemis. 
After the red herring plan is completed and Orion’s memory is wiped of the entire dreamscape encounter, Talia tells the rest of the group to go on ahead and rolls really well to deceive Placer and Madeline regarding her intentions. 
When left alone with Orion, Talia asks him about death.
"What's death like, for you?" How long does his respawn take? 15 minutes, last time. Where does he respawn? In one of the temples. 
Talia asks if she could have his contact information for later, and Orion doesn’t want anything to do with her - probably a good choice. 
Talia then kills Orion and he disappears in a foul-smelling puff of smoke. 
She rejoins the group in Placer’s dream.


The gang meets up in Placer’s dream. 
Talia and Sarah enter at about the same time, Madeline is already there, and Placer arrives from inside the dream (mask off). 
Madeline asks Talia about Orion, and Talia says that she escorted him back to the Psychosphere (deception success). 
The group goes through Rose’s door - Sarah first, then Madeline, then Talia, then Placer. 
They encounter Rose, who says she’s never been outside and hasn’t met Placer in person before. 
She also mentions that the other avatars visit her because she can’t leave, and that Sarah’s avatar recently showed up and feels wrong. 
Placer goes back to question other-Rose and returns, stating that he couldn’t find her. 
The group follows Rose to the server room, with Sarah opening up every possible door (much to Rose and Placer’s chagrin). 
At the server room, Sarah and Madeline go floating and Talia and Placer hang behind for a moment. 
Talia calls her avatar at Placer’s request, who is described as normal. 
Rose and Talia’s avatar, who doesn’t give Placer her name, obviously are familiar with each other: it’s described that they’re both friendly to each other but also that they don’t like each other at the same time (which tracks). 
Talia’s avatar shrugs Placer’s questions off, and then she and Rose go off to play Tactical Waifu together. Talia stays to eavesdrop while the rest of the group chats with Rem Lezar, who is the master controller. 
When they come back, Sarah and Placer interrupt Tactical Waifu to ask Rose to lead them to something that she had told Placer about in whispers earlier. 
The group follows Rose to a door leading to a house. Sarah attempts to rush in, but is stopped by Placer.


The gang splits up! 
Placer immediately leaves his own dream and heads to Talia’s, then texts Talia where he is. 
Talia, not having gotten to go off and do her own thing yet, goes directly to her conference room and waits for Placer to make his way to her. 
He suggests a trade of secrets - something that he doesn’t want others to know, for something she doesn’t want others to know. 

Talia, unsure of what secret she could share that would be seen as an equal exchange, suggests that he can have one of her memories, and he interacts with the vase while she heads upstairs. 
He follows and shares that he needs assistance figuring out his 2-Rose situation. Talia calls in her avatar, who is irritated about being called away from Tactical Waifu. 
Placer gives Talia permission to enter and explore his dream, and states that he’ll tell his dreamscape to allow her passage, although he’s unsure if his dream will listen. 
Talia dismisses her avatar, and asks Placer if he’d like to accompany her on her errand. 
They pop down to Hell, and Talia has a chat with Hades. 
“I’m wondering if you’ve seen anyone of particular interest pass through, or if anyone keeps a list of recent deaths.” 
Talia pauses. “Actually, some psychopomps are said to have lists of future deaths. Is that true? And is it a property of the psychopomp, or the physical - ” 
Talia stops herself. “No, that’s not why I’m here. Back on task. Do you keep tabs on people who die and resurrect?” 
Hades says no, they don’t, but potentially the fates or the book of destiny would have that information. 
He also states that Lucifer is gaining more favor lately. 
Talia and Hades chat about the plan for absolute destruction and armies of the Dead, and then Talia and Placer return to Talia’s dreamscape. 
Placer asks Talia about Orion, she answers truthfully, and she expresses her desire to hunt him down again. 
She wants to intimidate Orion into not hunting them anymore. 
Placer attempts to talk Talia out of this plan, and then they get a text from Sarah stating that she went to Artemis’s temple and saw Orion. 
Talia doesn’t hide her glee (and Placer doesn’t hide his dismay). 
They team plans an arrow heist: Sarah wants to use her new speed/time ability to rush in and get the arrow, Placer wants to use a disguise to get inside. 



Sarah goes and completes the challenge, and Placer goes and gains the same access that Sarah gets, only harder, and by alerting Artemis and Zeus. 
Madeline provides Talia with a disguise, Sarah decides she doesn’t need one, and Placer… again, makes it harder for himself by actually disguising himself. 
Madeline and Talia go do some research and don’t find out much; Madeline and Sarah go and get comms for everyone. 
Placer shares that Orion had some key that he lost; Talia hasn’t seen it but uses it as an excuse to pop into the psychosphere to “search” for it where she “left Orion.” 
She gains the following information from Sebastian:
He’s made the most progress with modern superheroes and psychopomps.
Most of the psychopomps will side with us. At worst, some may sit out, he’s not concerned about any going against us.
Best not to count on Superman, there’s complications.
Goku is extremely motivated and on our side, as well as Vegeta. Goku is already working to challenge Zeus.
Characters that are currently popular and well loved have inflated powers.
Wolverine is a concern. He may side with us, and certainly will if we convince Jean, but he may side with Artemis due to his connection to the hunt. If Apocalypse shows up and works with us, Wolverine will likely side against us. Wolverine is more likely to side against one of our allies than with us.
Sebastian has talked to other gods and a handful of servant-type characters that will align with us, lots of anime characters, but was unwilling to name names within the castle. Talia verbalized that she trusted him in this. 

Sebastian provides party invitations for Bulma’s birthday party this evening, and states that we can expect the following different archetypes: an army of hopefuls wanting to spar Goku (but he may not show up because he’s too focused on fighting Zeus), unwelcome hangers-on, engineering and science people (including Doc Brown), beyond that, can’t tell specifics. Rich, mad scientist, martial arts. Rogues. 


Talia doesn’t tell the group about her conversation with Sebastian. 
Placer tries to convince Talia to do the heist. 
Talia continues to think he’s not worth trusting, and doesn’t go along with the heist. She gives the group a plan and evanesces. 
After listening to the group get on their way, Talia then continues on to Placer’s dreamscape. 
Talia finds that “everything about Rose is weird, but it’s also the only thing any of them have known of her, so they basically think it’s fine.” 
Talia also succeeds in finding all of the memories she wants to find. 
She checks on his heart crystal and returns to the clubhouse in time to go to Bulma’s birthday party. 
The party is on a yacht, and after hitching a ride in Sarah’s vehicle, Talia goes to look for Bulma but is unsuccessful. 
She goes off to have a chat with Placer, revealing that she’s snooped in his dream and letting him know about what her avatar thinks of Rose. 
They then go look for Bulma together. 
A little while later, Sebastian announces that the yacht will be departing to go to the party.


The group gets to the party, and Talia wishes Bulma a happy birthday. 
Bulma suggests that she can make a tracker if they can get something connected to the dreameater. Bulma also mentions that the dragonballs are at the party. 
Talia goes to find Madeline. 
She and Madeline talk about the dreameater and Madeline says she’ll think about what they might be able to use as a connection, and that she’ll go talk to Bulma about it. 
Talia also checks in with Placer about what may or may not be connected to the dreameater, but Placer doesn’t come up with much. 
After Beerus and Buu make a scene, Talia talks to Goku and Vegeta. Goku’s phone is very broken, and Vegeta declines to share a phone number, but says Sebastian has a telepath that will give them the word. 
Placer then texts Madeline and Talia that Sarah wants to use a hyperbolic time chamber, and the group meets up to talk about it. 
Sarah wants to spend a year either alone or with Kevin James in the chamber to figure out how to get her future-family into the current time. 
Bulma announces the bingo tournament and the group heads over to participate.


The Gang Plays Bingo. 
Madeline and Sarah work together to cheat and Sarah wins the dragon balls. 
During the game, Placer and Talia discuss leisure activities; Placer comments that he plays video games and tries to be good at them so he can play with someone, and Talia declines to provide personal details ("Why does it matter?"). 
Placer declares that he's fanboying over Talia's skills, and denies trying to flatter (or flirt with) her. 
Talia mentions that she finds friendship superfluous, and that this conversation would be best held somewhere else. 
The group will get to make their wish at the end of the night.


Talia talks with Placer, giving him access to her dream during the next day and talking about her wish suggestions. 
Talia then goes with Madeline to talk to Bulma; Talia gets her business card and they discuss details related to the wish. 
Then, everything changed when Frieza attacked! 
Talia hit Recoome for 16, he hit her for 6, then Talia vanished again.


Continued battle! 
Talia manages to off Recoome, but then Ginyu switches bodies with her. 
With an assist from Sarah’s taser, Talia takes Ginyu to the clubhouse and convinces him to switch bodies (with the promise that she’d “take him back to the fight”). 
Sarah arrives and they team up to take Ginyu out (with Talia getting the final shot right as Madeline comes in). 
Talia comments to Sarah, “You’re not half bad.” 
Madeline comments “Didn’t we promise not to kill characters in the dream world?” and Sarah comments that they had to do so. 
The three of them take a rest in the clubhouse. 
Placer appears, says Goku has one of the dragon balls, collects the three in the clubhouse, and the three in his dreamscape. 
The group returns to the boat. 
Bulma wishes for the boat to be fixed and for people to be revived. 
Placer wishes for the communication device and receives what is basically a Motorola Razr. 
The party talks about going to the movies as a group tomorrow, with Madeline mentioning that she might bring a friend or two. 
Talia only gives a blank look at this. 
Night end! (finally.)


The next day, Placer will meet with Madeline before noon, then will meet Talia at noon.


During the day, Talia mostly hangs out in her apartment. 
She meets with Placer in her dreamscape at lunchtime, and is surprised by him showing up at her apartment when he’s supposed to be at the movies with the rest of the team and Mae. 
He drives her to his home, introduces her to his little brother Timothy, and then drives back to her apartment, stating that he would never forgive her if she hurt them. 
Otherwise, very little talking occurs. 
When the team meets up in the dreamscape, they discuss how they’re going to initiate contact with the dreameater; Talia is very quiet and only shakes her head when Placer asks if she has any ideas to contribute.


While the party is in the clubhouse, the phone rings and a mysterious stranger comments on how interesting they are and that they’re going to give us an opportunity to solve our infestation. 
There’s a knock at the door, and while the others hesitate, Talia goes and opens the door. A living room is revealed, and Talia steps inside. 
The rest of the group follows. 
Talia moves towards the hallway and is the first to enter a very large room that demonstrates spatial distortion. 
After trying to split the group and trying to catch a giggling ghost of a young girl, she follows the rest of the group through a door on the side of a double-sided clock. 
Time dilation is also confirmed. 
She sticks with the group, going left and finding a library. 
Sarah angers a book and the house damages Talia (further encouraging Talia’s desire to get away from the bulk of the group). 
The night ends with examining three new paths from the library: the center door leads to a hallway with another door, the right is another passageway, and the left is Placer’s bedroom.


The moment Placer sees his bedroom, he closes the door and asks Talia what she saw. 
Talia informs him that she also saw his bedroom. 
Placer and Talia examine Placer’s bedroom but find nothing “off” except for an additional door. 
Placer asks Madeline to talk to Sarah about being more careful. 
Placer doesn’t tell Madeline or Sarah that the house produced his room, and the group moves on to the weird door. 
They move quickly through a room with a casket in the middle, vases of flowers around the room, handwritten notes on a table, and a covered mirror. 
Talia comments that she doesn’t feel like adding vampires to the mix. 
The next room is the trophy room. 
Talia moves to examine the fireplace, which is cold and hasn’t seen use in some time. 
After everyone is in the room, one of the taxidermied heads reanimates. 
Then, a spectral scene of a man and guests appears; the man and one of the guests is killed by the reanimated taxidermied elk. 
Talia quickly moves to leave the room and the group finds themselves back in the library. 

The party then ventures through the last door of the library and finds an interior courtyard with a large statue, a cellar hatch, and another door. 
Talia examines the windows above the cellar, Placer follows and then moves to the other door, and Madeline and Sarah examine the statue. 
Talia sees a giant hand forming above Sarah and actually tells Sarah (and Madeline) to come inside. 
They do so, but questioningly, and Talia doesn’t say much about what she saw. Madeline and Sarah go down ahead and Placer stays behind to give Talia his mental protection cypher.  

In the next room, the Curator displays a variety of artworks, including one of a little boy where the eyes of the canvas are missing. 
Madeline trades one of her cyphers for the ability to see through the eyes that she’d collected, the Curator vanishes, and a very large man with a belt comes bursting through the next door. 
Talia and Sarah go around on opposite sides to the newly opened door, Madeline follows, and the man follows Placer outside into the courtyard. 
Placer kites him around for a while. 
Talia tells Sarah and Madeline to stay while she goes to check on Placer. 
When Placer sees Talia, he asks about what she saw in the courtyard earlier, and she tells him about the hand. 
Placer attempts to wait for the hand to form in hopes that it would scoop up the large man, but it only focuses on Placer. 
Talia yells at him to come back inside, and they hustle back to the others. 
The man gets to the middle of the art gallery, stops, and disappears. 
The group is back in the rug room, and now Madeline sees an elevator. 
They enter the elevator, find out they are on floor 4, and Sarah pulls the lever to 5.


The group decides to examine all floors, so they leave 5 and go to 6. 
Sarah chooses to go examine a big statue, Madeline follows, and Placer and Talia stay back on the elevator. 
Placer asks Talia if she’d risk herself to save Madeline and Sarah if they were in trouble, and Talia is ambivalent. 
Madeline and Sarah come back, and Talia restates that she wants to see all the floors before deciding which one to explore. 
Floor 3 is full of mannequins, Floor 2 is the Great Hall, and Floor 1 opens on to the Music Room. 
The party agrees to explore the first floor, and Talia investigates the glowing door while the rest of the group looks at the instruments. 
Finding little of note with the instruments at this time, the group goes into the glowing room and meets the Gatekeeper, who asks “Do you want to leave?” 
The party declines and Talia makes her exit with the rest of the party. 
They then continue to explore, finding a bedroom with an archway behind a curtain. 
“Meaning is a burden” is carved above the archway, and as Talia walks through she would have taken psychic damage if not for Placer’s links. 
Madeline wants to create some sort of communication device, but there’s obviously something muddling what Sarah and Talia receive. 
Talia gets tired of waiting and tells Madeline that it’s not going to work and they’ll just have to meet up later. 
As the group splits, Sarah comments “You and Placer don’t seem to like me, do you?” and Talia responds “Don’t flatter yourself, I don’t like anyone.” 
They continue down the hallway and enter the Tea Room, where Sarah sees a familiar person.


Talia observes Sarah greeting her friend Dani, who may or may not be a ghost. 
She texts Placer, “I'm testing to see if communication is still fucky, partly to explore whether it affects an area or is attached to anyone who passes under the archway. I’ll send a message for each room entered. Hopefully we can compare notes later.” 
They move on to a room with faces on the walls, Talia texts "Next room. Sarah found a friend. Kill me now." 
She receives a response, “You should kill her.” 
Talia assumes that this is not exactly what Placer attempted to send her. 
A face asks Sarah what she finds most irritating about Talia, and some of the faces begin to imitate Talia’s aloof behaviors. 
Another face asks Talia what irritates her about Sarah - “What doesn’t?” 
Madeline and Placer enter from another door, and a face asks Placer what he finds most irritating about Talia, and he mentions her communication and that she’s “too skilled.” 
The faces ask Madeline about Placer, and then Talia about Madeline (“She’s too good.”) 
Placer turns back and goes to the music room and the group follows. 
Talia brings up the rear so she can keep an eye on Dani. 
Placer plays a piano tune and gets something from under the piano. 
Dani greets Madeline and Placer, and Placer gives her a grenade before leaving to go back to the faces room. 
Placer then enters a ballroom, with Dani and then Talia following behind. 
An orchestra begins to play and Madeline, Sarah, and Dani become entranced. 
Talia attempts to break Madeline out of it and ends up causing harm, so she takes a step back. 
Placer goes upstairs to the balcony and then texts Talia, who receives the messages “The music will end shortly. Now’s your chance.” and "The barman seems nice." 
Talia continues to assume that the messages are tampered with and continues to guard the three dancing teammates as Placer leaves on his own. 
Talia waits until the music ends and they stop dancing. 
Sarah then immediately heads to the next door (where Placer went) and everyone follows. 
They go down a secret passage and find a chapel. 
The glass partition begins to display a scene from Sarah and Dani’s past, some sort of massacre with the enemies becoming more and more insect-like. 
The glass then goes back to being just glass. 
Placer again has gone off on his own. 
The rest of the group follows shortly after. 
They enter a room with a dog, which Talia quietly approaches and coaxes him out from under the bed. 
He seems friendly, and Talia reads the collar. 
The dog’s name seems to be “Buddy,” and after a few minutes of petting starts zooming around the room to check everyone out. 
Placer seems to be afraid of dogs, which Talia points out. 
Talia adds the dog to the party. 
They move through the next door into a hallway. 
Placer attempts to open a locked door. 
Talia motions for Buddy to stay put and approaches Placer to give him her set of light tools. 
"I've never put in the time to learn, so if you'd find them useful, they're yours." 
He successfully opens the door to an art room and then suggests that they split up to examine some of the other rooms. 
Talia takes Buddy’s cue to follow Madeline into the nursery, where they find a Smiling Man doll and a book with the same eerie verse on each page. 
They walk back out to the hallway.
Mae’s heard how magical girls were created and is in the dreaming with Madeline, Placer, Paul Blart, and the creators of Paul Blart Mall Cop. 
She tried to friendship-speech Madeline, but Madeline just gave excuses and a weak “you’re right, but…” so Mae isn’t at all confident that her friendship speech accomplished anything. 
She hopes it did. 
Mae isn’t going to follow the group back to the psychosphere. 
Mae disconnects and returns the bracelet to Talia.
"This is yours, not mine. I'm not going to hold you to the rest of our agreement. I hope you choose to continue, but it must be because you want to, not because I tell you to. I don't need updates anymore - to be fair, I think I'll know how it's going without them - but I'll never ignore your calls."
Placer, Madeline, and Talia enter the psychosphere for the first time. 
The psychosphere is full of characters from all sorts of media. 
The more people dream about it, the more powerful it is there. Even the currency is based on belief. 
We got into a bar fight courtesy of Thor, took directions from a trickster who happened to be Loki even though Loki is currently captive, traipsed through the caterpillar subways, ruined a party, and snuck into a castle. 
Placer attempted to convince the guards at the castle to let him in without luck. 
There are two guards at every entrance. 
Thor came out of the castle and noticed us. 
Thor took interest in Placer and flew off with Placer in tow. 
Madeline was able to follow with Talia. 
The group told Thor that we are new characters. 
Thor took us to a bar. 
Madeline showed Thor a picture of the Dreameater and Thor was unhappy. 
Madeline and Placer tell Thor that they don’t want to go to more bars and Thor storms off. 
Sarah enters the psychosphere. 
The group goes to the subway and Talia fails to understand a map. 
Sarah startles the ticketer by not having any belief at all. 
Sarah tries to damage the caterpillar subway car. 
There’s a barrier to continuing and the group continues on foot. 
Some fog makes the journey weird, and Sarah stops to be impulsive. 
Talia follows behind the group to keep an eye on them.
Placer goes off on his own and Talia follows while Madeline stays to watch Sarah. 
At a split in the path, they find a tunnel that leads to a party. 
The party is loud and rambunctious and Sarah doesn’t like it. 
The group discovers a room that can turn into different sorts of room depending on need. 
Sarah needs a quiet room to get away from the party. 
They find out that they are unable to leave the party until the party ends, so they come up with destructive plans. 
Sarah uses her tools to stop the music. 
Other things happen. 
The party ends, and the group makes their way to the underground castle entrance. 
The group explores the lower levels of the castle, but Placer is soon separated from the group. 
Placer is taken to a magical girl conference and meets Sailor Moon. 
Placer receives a vivre card from Sailor Moon and sees other magical girls in attendance. 
Talia, following Madeline and Sarah, notices Sebastian is about to find them. 
Talia approaches Sebastian and claims that she needs to use the bathroom. 
Talia tells Sebastian that they had been with Thor, but Thor got mad and left them. 
Madeline and Sarah don’t understand that Talia was trying to distract Sebastian so they could get away, and they follow Talia and Sebastian. 
Sebastian gives Talia, Sarah, and Madeline badges for the magical girl conference. 
Because Madeline and Sarah aren’t as accomplished at lying, Sebastian figures out that they’re not supposed to be in the castle.
Sebastian takes Madeline, Sarah, and Talia to see Dionysus. 
They tell Sebastian that Placer is the group leader, and Sebastian goes to retrieve Placer from the magical girl conference. 
Dionysus explains their situation and the team agrees to work together.
Back in Times Square, the group splits to talk to different characters. 
Sarah talks to Epimetheus and tells him that we’re trying to throw Zeus a surprise party. 
Madeline talks to Carmen and receives her contact information. 
Carmen introduces us to the information brokers: Izaya, Undertaker, and Enokida. 
They will assist us for a price. 
Kraven spears Talia, who brushes it off like it didn’t happen.
Talia accuses Carmen of this being a trap and suggests bad intentions.
When the group exits the alley, Placer is caught in a net by Kraven. 
He frees himself and Talia gets a few shots off in retaliation. 
Madeline and Sarah follow Kraven and join the hunt. 
The hunt is weird and involves both hunting and presents, apparently. 
Placer heads off to the castle and Talia follows.
Placer attempts to enter through the front door of the castle with difficulty. 
Talia enters with ease due to the magical girl conference badge. 
Talia and Placer give Sebastian a potential contact list. 
Sebastian says that he will follow up with characters on the list. 
Placer stops to question Talia’s motives and Talia is cagey. 
The hunt reaches the castle and Placer and Talia utilize the chaos to explore more of the castle. 
Sarah wanted to talk to one of the Drs Who about time travel, so the group assists her in finding information. 
Sarah disconnects and Placer purposely tries to lose Talia. 
Placer is taken away by a Gargoyle and flies off to Xanatos while Madeline and Talia try to follow. 
Madeline and Talia stop by the information broker alley and then make their way to the police station. 
They find someone who assists them in knowing where to go and finally catch up with Placer just as he’s leaving Xanatos’s office. 
Talia is irritated with the whole thing.
Madeline got Green Arrow’s contact information and sets up a meeting. 
Oliver throws a glass bauble at the team, which transports us into a memory with a bad landlord evicting a tenant. 
Placer chooses to stand by and watch, and Talia does not feel that this is her problem to deal with. 
Madeline tries to talk it out, and Sarah suggests tying up the landlord and putting him in the dumpster. 
The team is full of very normal, safe, and good characters. 
Oliver finds this hilarious but doesn’t know if he believes that they’re from the real world. Madeline attempts to move Oliver into the dreaming but takes him to a weird limbo place first. Oliver is convinced and will assist the team.
To try to get to the village where one of the Drs Who is known to visit, the group visits a rental car agency. 
The rental car agency refuses to give the group a vehicle because vehicles that go to that village don’t typically come back. 
Sarah suggests hotwiring a vehicle. 
Madeline gets mad at Talia for not being friendly enough, which pisses Talia off immensely. 
The group finds a junkyard and begins looking for potential vehicle options. 
After exploring the junkyard, they come across some sort of event where cyborgs are tied up and about to be executed. 
The team rescues the cyborgs, and then the cyborgs rescue them. Sarah shows up with the Terminator. 
The cyborgs take us in their ship, view Sarah’s memory, give Talia a communicator, and drop the group off at the village. 
Cybermen are attacking the village. 
Placer goes off to poke at the car and hide from Talia. 
Sarah almost dies, but then the group explodes a lot of things and defeats the cybermen. 
The Doctor gave us a ride back to Times Square before most of the team disconnects.
Talia sneaks off to the castle to ask Sebastian about how to get to hell and what happens when psychosphere residents die. 
Sebastian states that they think the timing has to do with human belief but it hasn’t been tested. 
Sebastian doesn’t think anyone oversees the resurrection process and suggests that Talia should ask a death god. 
There are some theories of people not being resurrected, when they die and they’ve been forgotten by humans, but who would ever remember that it happened? 
Sebastian tells Talia that Hades is in Tartarus and that she should avoid Izanami. 
The next day, the group decides to find Sherlock. 
Sherlock thinks that Dionysus, Set, and Loki are the problems. 
Madeline gives more information than Talia would like. 
Talia goes to chat with the landlady and finds that there’s another occupant of the apartment complex. 
The group follows a cat that turns out to be Macavity. 
The cat leads them to Moriarty, who states that he is on our side. 
Moriarty wants the group to try to change Sherlock’s allegiance. Sarah tries to ditch the group.
Everyone gets cell phones, and then Placer storms off and gets kidnapped again. 
Madeline and Sarah split off as well. 
Talia meets Shazam and Black Adam, stops a fight between the two, suggests that Black Adam should try being good, and goes to get ice cream with Shazam. 
Talia asks Shazam to take her to the underworld and he agrees. 
Placer notices Talia flying off with Shazam and calls to see what she’s up to. 
Shazam takes Talia to the river styx first, and then suggests that he can actually get her in instead. He does so and they appear at a tree. 
Talia and Shazam go to Hades’ office. 
Hades tells Talia that it’s like a revolving door around here, they come and then they disappear. 
Hades states that he wouldn’t be able to hold Zeus if he’s still the ruler of the gods. 
During this time, Sarah makes a vehicle and Madeline visits the library. 
Madeline figures out where Gotham is and Sarah picks her up. 
They head to Gotham together and get in a fight with some other characters on the way. 
Placer gets there first and does his void exploration stuff. 

Sarah calls Madeline into the room she just opened, which is Keith’s office. 
Madeline searches the room, including a computer with her medical data, while Sarah stays outside. Talia wanders down the hall to another as-yet-unexplored room and finds a note on the couch regarding an “aeolotropic structure” in a cellar. 
Placer enters and sits on the couch. 
He asks Talia to do him a favor without asking questions, and Talia agrees. 
Placer takes off a glove and asks Talia to hold his hand. 
Talia does so, Placer intertwines his fingers with hers but doesn’t say anything. 
Talia is unable to discern Placer’s emotions or motivations; she’s extremely befuddled by the whole interaction. 
After approximately 30 seconds, Placer disengages and leaves to go back to the rest of the group, leaving Talia on the couch. 
When Sarah yells for Talia to come join the team, she sighs and does so. 
Placer uses the lockpick set that Talia gave him to unlock a door and the group enters another hallway. 
Talia reads a letter, Sarah finds a weird key, Placer examines the floor, Madeline finds another door. 
The group has a vision of Brother destroying a room in rage. 
The group finds a ladder down and Brother and his shadow attack. 
Talia lights the curtains on fire as the rest of the group goes down the ladder. 
Talia annihilates Brother and the shadow also vanishes. 
Gleeful, Talia heads down the ladder. 
Placer sees a group of zombies in the cellar and throws another grenade. 
Sarah takes a shot and so does Madeline and Dani. 
One of the zombies tries to attack Placer and fails; Placer offs the last zombie just as Talia gets there. 
Placer wades out into the water and brings a few boxes to the center platform. 
The contents of the first box include a magical jade ring, glass flask with a magical potion, eyeglasses, pens and pencils, and a remnant. 
The second box has another remnant and a pair of pliers. 
The remnants talk about eight Mystic Tools to build a doorway. 
Talia attempts to identify the ring; she’s not sure where the ring takes her, but it’s some sort of teleportation magic that works once per person. 
Madeline attempts to identify the potion; it’s a super healing potion. 
Dani pokes the lenses out of the glasses and puts them on. Madeline picks up the lenses. 
They go back up to the now-burned hallway and continue onto a hallway where a droning sound is present. 
Through the next room, there’s a very dead tree, crawling with bugs, and a man. 

Sunday, Night 7 Part 6: The House Gets Persnickety.
Character Beats This Episode:
Placer apologies to Madeline for him constantly running ahead – old habits, he claims. 
Sarah reassures Dani that Dani is not a ghost. 
Placer flirts with Talia after making a deal. 
Sarah calls Talia to rejoin the group. 
Talia utilizes Madeline’s abilities by suggesting that Madeline create the light to block off Brother’s Shadow. 
Talia also kills Brother more-or-less singlehandedly. 
Placer and Sarah struggle to kill a single Bloated Shambler with physical attacks while Dani and Madeline use magic to instantly kill two. 

Keith’s Office is the familiar room Sarah discovers. 
Madeline is summoned by Sarah to investigate the office. 
Madeline spends time looking at the computer files and exploring the office for secrets. 
Sarah waits in the hallway by the door. 
Madeline discovers the medical information from when Madeline was in her dreaming state. 
The big takeaway is that even during the grip of the conspiracy, Keith was still getting updates on how Madeline was doing. 
Keith is such a nice dad. 
Meanwhile...
Talia explores the next area which is revealed to be The Raven Dream. 
The Raven Dream is a room with couches and a piece of paper [Remnant 7] lying upon one of the couches.  
As Talia searches the couch cushions, Placer emerges from the Art Studio, some paintings in his pocket. 
Sarah does not notice Placer slumping against the door behind him and staring off into the distance as he emerges. 
Placer then brushes himself off and goes to talk to Talia. 
Placer approaches Talia and asks to speak with her in private. 
She accepts. 
Placer carefully sits down on the couch, making sure the couch is not a trap. 
Placer proposes to Talia a deal. 
Talia will do something for Placer without questioning it, and in exchange Placer will do something for Talia without questioning it. 
Talia accepts this proposal. 
The request is Talia hold Placer’s hand. 
Talia is baffled, but complies. 
Flirt, Placer is not. 
Flirting is most definitely not what this is. 
Placer is not flirting with Talia.  
Placer interlocks fingers with Talia and they hold hands for a good minute. 
As. 
Placer flirts with Talia, Talia notices Placer’s hands trembling slightly – Placer is nervous. 
Placer breaks off their engagement and silently stares at Talia. 
He seems to be expecting a response. 
Talia is silent, at a loss for words. 
Noticing that Talia has short-circuited, Placer seems both relieved and disappointed. 
He thanks Talia, and then leaves. 
Nobody notices the shadowy figure standing in the corner of the Raven Dream room who silently watches Placer and Talia flirting.

In the hallway, Dani thinks she is a ghost. 
Sarah punches Dani to prove otherwise. 
Dani kicks Sarah in the shins as response. 
Placer enters the hallway to see this. 
He does not comment on it, and silently walks away from Ace’s characters. 
Placer bumps into Madeline. 
Presenting the paintings from the Art Studio, Placer asks Madeline to examine the paintings. 
She doesn’t find anything. 
Placer pockets the paintings.
Madeline points out two extra doors in Keith’s office. 
Sarah calls for Talia to rejoin the group. 
Talia sighs, but rejoins the group.
.
Placer uses the lockpicks that Talia gifted to him to unlock one of the doors. 
The other doors leads to a hallway with a portrait which the group does not explore. 
The group enters the Long Hallway. 
Placer instantly falls to his hands and knees and starts looking for a secret passage on the floor. 
Talia investigates the desk and finds both a key and a note [Remnant 16]. 
Madeline investigates the curtains and finds another door. 
Sarah and Dani are useless. 
Placer finds the secret passageway in the floor. 
There is no chess puzzle. 
The game designers hate Finn having fun. 
Placer picks open the lock which leads to the secret passageway. 
Sarah takes the key and uses it on the door Madeline found. 
Ghostly hands appear around the key and attack Sarah because the obvious trap key was a trap. 

Brother appears in the hallway. 
Brother is a normal guy with a shadow that wields an axe and moves independently of him. 
Placer instantly chucks a grenade at Brother without asking questions or trying to bargain with him. 
Talia requests Madeline creates a ball of light to fight Brother’s shadow. 
This works. 
Sarah shoots Brother with her shotgun, but Sarah’s shotgun breaks. 
Talia goes and uses the candle on the desk to light the curtains in the room on fire. 
The room is full of fire and smoke. 
Placer informs the group they should enter the secret passage to avoid the smoke. 
Talia stays behind and manages to kill Brother before she goes down the secret passage. 

The bottom of the secret passage is a Well. 
Inside are three Bloated Shambling Corpses. 
The party fights these off with ease. 
Placer goes and finds two locked boxes inside the well. 
He picks open the locks of both of these boxes. 
Inside one is a set of Pliers, which Placer adds to his collection of Mystic Tools. 
There is also a note in each box [Remnants 6 and 15]. 
There is also a magical ring that can teleport anyone to an unknown destination. 
Talia pockets the ring. 
There is a magic healing potion. 
Madeline pockets the potion. 
There is a pair of eyeglasses. 
Dani pokes out the lenses of the glasses and then wears the glasses. 
Madeline picks up the lenses. 
 
The party climbs out of the secret passage and goes forward through the Droning Hall, and stops at the door to the Tree Room.

Immediately after Placer sees the tree room, he shuts the door and calls a team meeting. 
He leads the team through the droning room, the still-on-fire room, and into the foyer. 
He discusses the painting that he found, and that although he wants to go in alone, he wants to try to be a better team member. 
He tells the group that he’ll go first, then Madeline, then Dani and Sarah, then Talia. 
They then go back to the tree room and Placer presents the painting to the tree when it reaches out to them. 
The tree takes the painting and then touches everyone on the head. 
The party now has the ability to call upon a wolf ally when all five are present and work to do so. 
The party continues on through the room without incident. 
Placer attempts to unlock the next door, fails, and gets it on the second attempt. 
They enter a room full of destruction, with the spirit of destruction working on smashing every inch of the room to bits. 
Placer throws a stone to see if the thing responds to aural or visual stimuli and then starts attempting to kite it. 
Talia decides to go look at the pit in the middle of the room and ends up both ruining Placer’s kiting attempt as well as successfully accidentally falling into the pit. 
Talia finds the hammer and Sarah decimates the spirit of destruction while speed-forced. 
The group rests for Sarah to recover from speed force and for Talia to heal from falling into the pit. 
Placer goes over to Talia and tries to talk to her about why she ruined his plan and Talia is purposefully, irritatingly vague. 
Sarah and Dani also chat for a bit. 
They move into the next room and find four paintings, depicting wolves hunting and killing a stag, with a tree growing from the corpse. 
Below each painting reads Mater, Pater, Frater, and Soror, respectively. 
Placer continues through the hall to peek into the passageway, tells the group not to look in windows or mirrors, and unlocks another door to find the dripping room.

The group enters the Dripping Room. 
Sarah notices a cool gun and verbalizes to the group that she wants the sci-fi gun. 
Placer requests that Sarah wait until he clears the room, and then allows Sarah to retrieve the gun. 
Dani and Talia leave the room while Placer searches; they leave the party and head up the stairs together. 
In the parlor, Talia immediately looks in the hole in the wall and finds eyes watching her. 
She calls out a greeting and the entity whispers a question. 
She responds, as does Dani, and the entity states that he can take those fears, or a memory, in return for another memory. 
Talia dances around the bargain, and finally states that she will not take the offer at this time, but if he tells her what rooms are connected to this room, she’ll make a deal with him the next time she willingly enters the room. 
He agrees, and tells her there are two staircases (one of which they came from), the sitting room, and the kitchen. 
Talia and Dani discuss where to go from the room and settle on the kitchen, as it likely has the most additional exits. 
Sarah joins them in the kitchen, under the effects of her speed force. 
Sarah and Dani have a conversation, with Sarah upset about Dani leaving her behind. 
Dani asked Sarah to be more careful and to not walk into obvious traps because Dani doesn’t want to die a second time. 
Talia finds a jar with a few paper bags of odd spores that are definitely some variation of harmful to ingest. 
Dani finds a knife and a key. 
They move on to the dining room, where Sarah attempts to interact with a ghost and fails. 
They go down a trapdoor and find a winecellar. 
Talia finds a magic bottle that will fill with a relatively common liquid for an unknown number of times. 
Sarah finds some mold that bubbles and spits at her, and also finds out that the shiny sci-fi gun is actually just wax. 
They return to the dining room and Talia finds the stairs to the attic, where there’s a void in the shape of a puzzle piece hanging in the air. 
The windows there are also different, showing a storm (but not the ground) instead of darkness. 
They head back down and Madeline joins them in the dining room. Madeline mentions that Placer is on the elevator and Talia states that he has the ability to join us. 
She comments that if the House wants the group back together, they’ll come back together. 
They go to the final room off of the dining room and find the sitting room. Talia is aware that this room is connected to the parlor, and considers the offer again. 
Dani keeps an eye on her. Madeline finds an address book and Talia finds out Placer’s real name. Placer does stuff too, I suppose.

Sunday, Night 7 Part 7: A Room of Destruction, A Troupe of Fools.

Character Beats This Episode:
Placer resists his impulses and calls a group meeting. 
He apologises to the group for running ahead, and attempts at using teamwork. 
The Party (including Dani) gains a one-time 1-hit kill as long as they cooperate.
Placer throws himself into harms way without informing the group. 
Talia throws herself into harms way and actually gets harmed. 
Placer and Sarah work together (though mostly Sarah) to kill the Spirit of Destruction. Dani and Sarah talk about their pasts. 
Placer’s post-battle assessments are cut short by Talia scolding him for not sharing his plans and for putting himself first all the time. (also cut short due to Buddy's entrance.) 
Placer does not acknowledge Talia being irritated at him; it is questionable whether or not he even registered it. 
Placer gives the entire group a big, warm hug and says “I’m glad to be your friend!” 
Placer instantly slams the door to the Tree Room in his face, turns around, and calls a group meeting. 
The group enter the Foyer and find some bloody writing [Foyer Image aka Remnant 29] along with a door with a “don’t answer the door” sign. 
Placer positions himself to block this door as a knocking sound emanates from it, informing the group it’s a trap and they shouldn’t touch it. 
This segways into a conversation where Placer reveals to the group that he can see patterns in the house and believes he can navigate it safely. 
He also flashes his three Mystic Tools and tries to have the group formulate a plan on how to use them. 
He also apologises to the group for running ahead and makes attempts at employing a weird thing called “team work”.
He ends the group meeting explaining his Tree Room plan and establishing Party Formation. 
At request of Sarah, Madeline returns Sarah’s blaster to her.
The party leaves the Foyer and enters the Tree Room – Placer holding the painting aloft. 
The tree takes the painting, places it on a wall, and then touches each character on their forehead – they can now summon a “Terrible Wolf” which is a one-time insta-kill on anything lower than House Rank 9, with the condition that the party needs to be united to use it. (Which Placer is simply overjoyed about.) 
The Tree is now passive, and the party proceeds through uneventfully (Placer yoinks a muddy ring from a skeleton hand in the pond.)
The next room is the Spirit of Destruction room. 
After Placer lockpicks it open, we discover it is a room full of rubble and a Rubble Elemental angry spirit breaking things in the middle. 
Placer tells the group to be quiet and stealth around, and then (without communicating with the group) moves to a more target-prone location and throws a rock.
This ends up being a bad idea, as the Rubble Elemental hones in on him. 
Talia walks out into the open, staring into a gaping hole. 
The Rubble Elemental knocks her into the hole. 
Talia didn’t really put up much of a fight. 
Sarah pops her Speed Force, Placer (taking a clue from Razor Voice) tosses Sarah a chisel to use as a weapon, and Sarah instantly kills the Spirit of Destruction in a single blow. 
Talia finds the Hammer mystic tool at the bottom of the hole because Hib teleported it there from the rubble it was hidden in prior.
The fight concluded, the party spends a while resting in the rubble room. 
Dani talks to Sarah about how much Sarah has changed since they last interacted, and Sarah talks about what happened after Dani “died”. 
Meanwhile, while Placer tries to do a post-battle report, Talia scolds him for not sharing his plans, which Placer accepts. 
She also says he should stop putting himself first all the time. 
Placer doesn’t get the chance to respond as Buddy attempts to befriend him, to which Placer takes as an end to the conversation. 

The party progresses through the Wheel of Blood portrait hallway and enters the Grand Staircase. 
Placer informs the party to avoid the windows “Don't look out the windows. 
They’re never a good thing [in horror]. Windows and mirrors. Never good." 
He then lockpicks open another door, which contains The Dripping Room.

Sunday, Night 7 Part 8: As Far As The Group Is Concerned, Placer is Superfluous.
Character Beats This Episode:
Nobody likes Placer.
Sarah manages to resist the temptation to grab the shiny long enough for Placer to grow weary of her stupidity and permit her to grab it once he was finished with the room.
Talia grows weary of Placer putting himself first (no matter how logical it was in this situation) and leaves the room. 
Dani encourages and accompanies Talia as they depart after griping about Placer. 
Sarah admonishes Dani for leaving Sarah; Dani admonishes Sarah for her shiny-fixation. 
Talia elects to make a deal with a stranger - she learns the status of the adjoining rooms, and she'll make a trade with the stranger next time she willingly enters their room.
Talia, Dani, and Sarah have bonding moments in the kitchen and attic.
Sarah manages to be not-stupid and not stick her head into a puzzle-shaped sphere of destruction.
Placer offers Madeline the decision to either rejoin the group or make progress; Madeline choses the latter. 
They go to the Mannequin Room and deal with the Mannequins without any effort, whereupon Madeline decides to run ahead for no good reason. 
Placer remains in the elevator, allowing Madeline to enter an unsecure room on her own. 
Madeline manages to rejoin the group (thanks to Placer's foresight) but they take too long return so he goes off on his own. 
Sarah has a conversation with her dead father. Madeline shows Talia a neat, innocent, innocuous address book she found.
Placer manages to wind up in a location nobody else (besides Dani through Hib's GM meddling) would ever be able to find.
He sees [REDACTED] glamour [REDACTED] and the lights go out just when he finds his third Mystic Tool in a single session.

After Placer prevents Sarah from being an idiot, Talia decides to wander off with Dani. 
While Placer finds the Woodworking Plane in the Dripping Room and Sarah decides to trigger the Dripping Room trap before running after Dani, Placer decides to actually make progress and not take unnecessary risks for no good reason. 
Talia enters a bargain with a sketchy memory-seeking stranger in the Parlor – if she willingly re-enters the Parlor again, she promised to make a deal with the stranger. 
Sarah meets up with Team Talia and tries to lecture Dani about leaving Sarah, before Dani reverse-uno-cards her and lectures Sarah about Sarah being impulsive and reckless. 
Meanwhile, Team Progress (consisting of Placer and Madeline) discover the Great Hall and have an informative conversation with The Host, who lets them know “the tools are in a strange order” in the Cellar. 
They also find the Elevator and board it. 
Team Sidequest goes and accomplishes very little besides taking risks and finding non-essential loot (consisting of a refilling bottle of a chosen common liquid, a bag of mysterious mold spores, a diamond pin, a knife for Dani).
Meanwhile, Team Progress finds the Wrench, and then is split as Madeline goes off to rejoin Team Sidequest as they enter the Sitting Room. 
Sarah has a phone conversation with her dead father while Madeline gives Talia a book of addresses and names (which just so happens to hold Placer’s name. Such fun.)
Meanwhile, Placer gets bored of waiting for Madeline to return, decides it’s not worth trying to follow her, and then goes off on his own, managing (through a rather ridiculous method) to find himself in Amator. 
After [REDACTED] glamour [REDACTED], and just as he’s about to find another Mystic Tool, the lights go out.

Talia tries to convince the group to let her go on her own, and the group is suspicious. 
Talia leaves anyway, and Dani runs after. 
Talia proposes a deal to the Arbiter (“You let the two of us pass through this room to the grand staircase, and I won’t kill you! Do you explode too?”). 
The Arbiter doesn’t take the deal, Talia shoots him, Dani explodes him, and Talia gets some sweet loot. 
Talia gives Dani her ring of teleportation and they head to the ballroom. 
Once there, Talia plugs her ears and reminds Dani to do the same. 
Talia goes straight up to the bar, where the barman appears. 
She directly asks for the key and the barman asks if she’d have a few drinks. 
Talia declines, so the barman states Talia cannot have the key. 
Talia then threatens the barman successfully and he allows Talia to take the key. 
Talia and Dani return to the elevator and meet up with Placer on floor 2. 
Placer is wearing his mask again. 
Talia doesn’t comment initially, but then once they near floor 4, Talia explains to Dani how to get to the cellar and asks her to take Buddy and go on ahead. 
Talia touches the side of Placer’s face and comments, “You can hide away from the rest of the world if you want, but it’s too late to hide from me.” 
She then takes her hand down and talks about manipulation and leadership to a mostly silent Placer. 
Talia suggests that she’d like to finish up the house’s game so she can get back to hers, and they join the group in the cellar. 
Madeline fills Placer in on what the group found and hands over the address book. 
The team makes a master ball with the mystic tools and Placer pockets it. 
Madeline opens the door with the ballroom key and everyone takes mental damage from the House before the RAZR voice tells the House they’re allowed to leave. 
The group exits and finds themselves in the real world as magical girls. 
They test their cell phones and find that they work appropriately. 
Sarah, Dani, and Madeline head to Keith’s to try and figure out what happened. 
Talia and Placer head to Talia’s apartment so Placer can borrow some clothes. 
Placer has to lockpick Talia's door open, as Talia doesn't have her key.
After finding out that her real world cell phone and computer are missing, she turns on the television and finds that reality has gone sideways and they’re missing 8 months of time.

Talia and Placer did things offscreen and therefore are very late to Keith’s. 
Mae meets Madeline, Sarah, and Dani before they get to Keith’s. 
She asks them to prove that they are who they say they are before escorting them into the building. 
The group chats about the Darkest House, the master ball, and Sarah’s timeline. 
Other Rose’s forces attack and everyone runs outside to meet them. The battle commences! 
Mae decides to see how long she can keep Other Rose in the air. 
The group succeeds in fighting off Other Rose, who has obviously had a power boost since their last engagement. 
Talia and Placer finally show up, and Mae and Placer have an altercation. 
Placer fails to punch Mae. Mae doesn’t retaliate, and instead opens up a mental link to tell him off. 
The rest of the group learns more about what’s been going on from Amara and Estelle.

Sunday, Night 7 Part 9: Escape The House 

Character Beats This Episode:
Talia causes another party-split, though this time it's at least talked through. She also goes off on her own little side adventure.
Madeline and Sarah solve a puzzle.
Placer gets traumatized briefly, finds a tool, finds a bunch of really useful Remnant notes, takes a Doom, and overall does not have a fun time. 
Talia and Placer share a small moment which Placer stops, and then Talia shares advice for Placer.
The party (minus Talia) work together to build a Master Ball.
Talia agrees to help Tracey with her wardrobe problem. 

We open on the group reunited (save Placeholder who has managed to find his way into the Amator region of the house.)

Team “Team” is in the kitchen. Talia suggests splitting; she goes to the ballroom to get a key – Madeline, Sarah, and Dani go to the cellar to find the tool there. 
Dani chooses to accompany Talia and they go off to the elevator.
Three Split Groups at play now – Team Trouble, Team Helpful, and Team Placer.
Team Trouble takes the time to detour to another room (the Parlor) for a brief interlude that happens offscreen, and then go to the Ballroom to convince the Barman to give them a key.
Team Helpful go to the Cellar and discover both a man covered in locks (The Doorman) and also a tool rack puzzle. Madeline and Sarah manage to work out the puzzle and unlock the Saw Mystic Tool. They then twiddle their thumbs resting, waiting for the rest of the teams to meet up with them.
Team Placer discovers the Private Study, finds a bunch of neat notes (which I can’t be bothered to elaborate on now, will do later or not idk) as well as discovering the Blueprints Mystic Tool.
The Party collectively has all eight mystic tools. Hurray.
Placer then manages to find a way to escape Amator (unfortunately calling upon the power of the House in doing so, getting the first and only Doom of the party), and reunites with Team Trouble on the elevator.
Somewhere between when the group last saw him and now, he’s rematerialized his Masquerade Ball mask. Once the elevator lands on Floor 4, Talia requests Dani go ahead as she and Placer stay behind in the elevator. Talia then gently touches Tracey’s mask, saying “You can hide away from the rest of the world if you want. But it's too late to hide from me.” He asks whether this conversation can wait until after they escape the house. Talia steps back and complies. She also gives him advice on how to sway people to his side and overall be a better leader. "It's easier to manipulate people when you see them as an enemy," Placer says. 

The party finally comes together! Hurray! They all compare notes as they lay all eight mystic tools out on the ground. After Madeline hands the Address Book to Placer, he sneakily pockets it as he spells out plans for the group – they decide to use the Mystic Tools to build a Master Ball to trap the Dreameater. Sarah and Madeline take point in the construction, Dani and Placer assisting, Talia just chilling with Buddy in the corner. 
After completing it, Placer requests to examine the ball, and sneakily pockets it once Sarah hands it over. He then suggests they use the Ballroom Key on the Doorman – they do so, creating a doorway and taking a huge mental damage wave as a horrible wrenching noise screeches through the house. 
The party walks out, finding themselves emerge in the Waking World, still in magical girl form, coming out of a house on the outskirts of town that’s rumored to be haunted. 
...so as Tracey does her best to not freak out, the party decides to split once again – Tracey and Talia go off to Talia’s place so Tracey can change out of her very eye-drawing tutu, while the rest of the group go to Keith’s. 

During a lengthy offscreen RP, Tracey rolls a 20 and lockpicks Talia’s apartment door open with ease. After they go inside, they discover items missing and the newsfeed displaying supernatural events as commonplace. The date is eight months in the future.
“...FUCK!” Talia exclaims. 
Cut to credits. 

Month 8 - Monday, Night 1 Part 1: Combat with Other Rose.

Character Beats This Episode:
We are re-introduced to Apocalypse Mae, Cadence, Estelle, and Amara.
Tracey punches Mae.
Tracey apologises for punching Mae.
Sarah is a robot.


Offscreen events occur involving Talia and Tracey’s Journey to Talia’s Apartment (the events of which we should have earned far more EXP for than we did)
While all that happens... the audience follows Madeline, Dani, and Sarah as they walk to Keith’s Company, Somnian Dynamics (since that’s where Sarah’s dorm is).
Sarah pulls out her phone and calls Keith – it goes to voicemail.
Madeline pulls out her phone and calls Keith – he picks up, and upon hearing Madeline’s voice gets furious at the practical joke being played. When Madeline facetimes Keith, he becomes convinced as Madeline explains her story. Keith reveals it’s been eight months  to them, as well as the fact that Keith’s company has taken care of every body – every sleeping body. 
As the group takes off running towards the building, Mae intercepts them cheerfully. After verifying their identities, she gives them a big hug and then they run off. 
They arrive at the HQ within ten minutes thanks to being able to sprint at top speed magical-girl style. 
The group attempts to explain the situation in as succinct a way as possible. Dani posits the idea that the timeline apocalypse has been delayed from her and Sarah’s (Placer is essential for the apocalypse clearly). The barrier between psychosphere and dreaming is still more-or-less intact. Sarah’s timeline will be considerably harder to reach to the point of likely being lost to her. 
The entire building shakes and a roar comes from outside. Mae sighs as Estelle and Amara join the girls. They run out into battle as they deal with a Rift spewing nightmares and a suspiciously familiar-looking pink girl. Mae verifies that Tim is safe with Keith before combat begins.
Cue lengthy combat.
Mae, Amara, Estelle, and Cadence work together in sync very well, synergizing off eachother. Clearly very battle-hardened. 
Sarah, Madeline, and Dani help out. 
The suspiciously familiar-looking pink girl (who Hib never actually described until he made fun of me for not being able to identify who the girl is by her description) is confirmed to have the appearance of Tracey – most likely, she’s OtherRose. 
The monsters appear to be gunning for Timothy, and this particular wave is stronger than it’s ever been before. Cadence splits herself to make sure Tim is secure. 
Eventually the monsters decide they’ve had enough after OtherRose is disapparated, and retreat through the portal back into presumably Placer’s Dreamscape. 
Talia and Tracey arrive in Talia’s car at the Somnian Dynamics Building shortly after the battle has concluded. Tracey walks up to the table and slams her hands down on it, requesting details for time travel, which Mae instantly shuts down. Time travel would be fatal for organisms, and also would require the world to be ended. Tracey doesn’t accept this, wanting to see evidence and data. Also Dani accidently reveals that Sarah is a Gynoid; nobody cares. Mae demands to see the Master Ball – Tracey reluctantly takes it out only after Mae has mentioned she’s been taking care of Tim. Mae instantly yoinks the ball out of Tracey’s hands. “These could work, but we’ll need a set of these,” Mae examines, refusing to give the ball back to Tracey... so Tracey attempts to punch Mae. It doesn’t work, Mae stars a psychic thoughtspeak conversation with Tracey, and walks away. Tracey follows. They talk things over.

Meanwhile, the group discusses what’s been going on – apparently OtherRose has been routinely invading the waking world, targeting Tim. Madeline suspects it might be OtherRose seeking leverage on Placer. Amara verifies that our dreamscapes are back to normal. Sarah attempts to repair her shotgun – its batteries are all dead. Also it’s cursed. Also apparently there's been an unknown magical girl running around (some ex-conspiracy member who refuses to work with Keith) pulling Tuxedo Mask Killsteal-Then-Vanish acts.

Tracey and Mae return; Tracey apologises to the group for her unprofessionalism. She then requests if the Apocalypse Team has made any data packets they could distribute for exactly this situation. 
NOTE: Mae, Cadence, Amara, and Estelle can now be swapped out 1-for-1 with your own character, like a videogame party member switch around. 

Sunday, Night 7 Part 9: Escape The House 

Character Beats This Episode:
Talia causes another party-split, though this time it's at least talked through. 
She also goes off on her own little side adventure.
Madeline and Sarah solve a puzzle.
Placer gets traumatized briefly, finds a tool, finds a bunch of really useful Remnant notes, takes a Doom, and overall does not have a fun time. 
Talia and Placer share a small moment which Placer stops, and then Talia shares advice for Placer.
The party (minus Talia) work together to build a Master Ball.
Talia agrees to help Tracey with her wardrobe problem. 

We open on the group reunited (save Placeholder who has managed to find his way into the Amator region of the house.)

Team “Team” is in the kitchen. 
Talia suggests splitting; she goes to the ballroom to get a key – Madeline, Sarah, and Dani go to the cellar to find the tool there. 
Dani chooses to accompany Talia and they go off to the elevator.
Three Split Groups at play now – Team Trouble, Team Helpful, and Team Placer.
Team Trouble takes the time to detour to another room (the Parlor) for a brief interlude that happens offscreen, and then go to the Ballroom to convince the Barman to give them a key.
Team Helpful go to the Cellar and discover both a man covered in locks (The Doorman) and also a tool rack puzzle. 
Madeline and Sarah manage to work out the puzzle and unlock the Saw Mystic Tool. 
They then twiddle their thumbs resting, waiting for the rest of the teams to meet up with them.
Team Placer discovers the Private Study, finds a bunch of neat notes (which I can’t be bothered to elaborate on now, will do later or not idk) as well as discovering the Blueprints Mystic Tool.
The Party collectively has all eight mystic tools. Hurray.
Placer then manages to find a way to escape Amator (unfortunately calling upon the power of the House in doing so, getting the first and only Doom of the party), and reunites with Team Trouble on the elevator.
Somewhere between when the group last saw him and now, he’s rematerialized his Masquerade Ball mask. 
Once the elevator lands on Floor 4, Talia requests Dani go ahead as she and Placer stay behind in the elevator. 
Talia then gently touches Tracey’s mask, saying “You can hide away from the rest of the world if you want. But it's too late to hide from me.” 
He asks whether this conversation can wait until after they escape the house. 
Talia steps back and complies. 
She also gives him advice on how to sway people to his side and overall be a better leader. "
It's easier to manipulate people when you see them as an enemy," Placer says. 

The party finally comes together! Hurray! They all compare notes as they lay all eight mystic tools out on the ground. 
After Madeline hands the Address Book to Placer, he sneakily pockets it as he spells out plans for the group – they decide to use the Mystic Tools to build a Master Ball to trap the Dreameater. 
Sarah and Madeline take point in the construction, Dani and Placer assisting, Talia just chilling with Buddy in the corner. 
After completing it, Placer requests to examine the ball, and sneakily pockets it once Sarah hands it over. 
He then suggests they use the Ballroom Key on the Doorman – they do so, creating a doorway and taking a huge mental damage wave as a horrible wrenching noise screeches through the house. 
The party walks out, finding themselves emerge in the Waking World, still in magical girl form, coming out of a house on the outskirts of town that’s rumored to be haunted. 
...so as Tracey does her best to not freak out, the party decides to split once again – Tracey and Talia go off to Talia’s place so Tracey can change out of her very eye-drawing tutu, while the rest of the group go to Keith’s. 

During a lengthy offscreen RP, Tracey rolls a 20 and lockpicks Talia’s apartment door open with ease. 
After they go inside, they discover items missing and the newsfeed displaying supernatural events as commonplace. 
The date is eight months in the future.
“...FUCK!” Talia exclaims. 
Cut to credits. 

Month 8 - Monday, Night 1 Part 1: Combat with Other Rose.

Character Beats This Episode:
We are re-introduced to Apocalypse Mae, Cadence, Estelle, and Amara.
Tracey punches Mae.
Tracey apologises for punching Mae.
Sarah is a robot.


Offscreen events occur involving Talia and Tracey’s Journey to Talia’s Apartment (the events of which we should have earned far more EXP for than we did)
While all that happens... the audience follows Madeline, Dani, and Sarah as they walk to Keith’s Company, Somnian Dynamics (since that’s where Sarah’s dorm is).
Sarah pulls out her phone and calls Keith – it goes to voicemail.
Madeline pulls out her phone and calls Keith – he picks up, and upon hearing Madeline’s voice gets furious at the practical joke being played. 
When Madeline facetimes Keith, he becomes convinced as Madeline explains her story. 
Keith reveals it’s been eight months  to them, as well as the fact that Keith’s company has taken care of every body – every sleeping body. 
As the group takes off running towards the building, Mae intercepts them cheerfully. 
After verifying their identities, she gives them a big hug and then they run off. 
They arrive at the HQ within ten minutes thanks to being able to sprint at top speed magical-girl style. 
The group attempts to explain the situation in as succinct a way as possible. 
Dani posits the idea that the timeline apocalypse has been delayed from her and Sarah’s (Placer is essential for the apocalypse clearly). 
The barrier between psychosphere and dreaming is still more-or-less intact. 
Sarah’s timeline will be considerably harder to reach to the point of likely being lost to her. 
The entire building shakes and a roar comes from outside. 
Mae sighs as Estelle and Amara join the girls. 
They run out into battle as they deal with a Rift spewing nightmares and a suspiciously familiar-looking pink girl. 
Mae verifies that Tim is safe with Keith before combat begins.
Cue lengthy combat.
Mae, Amara, Estelle, and Cadence work together in sync very well, synergizing off eachother. Clearly very battle-hardened. 
Sarah, Madeline, and Dani help out. 
The suspiciously familiar-looking pink girl (who Hib never actually described until he made fun of me for not being able to identify who the girl is by her description) is confirmed to have the appearance of Tracey – most likely, she’s OtherRose. 
The monsters appear to be gunning for Timothy, and this particular wave is stronger than it’s ever been before. 
Cadence splits herself to make sure Tim is secure. 
Eventually the monsters decide they’ve had enough after OtherRose is disapparated, and retreat through the portal back into presumably Placer’s Dreamscape. 
Talia and Tracey arrive in Talia’s car at the Somnian Dynamics Building shortly after the battle has concluded. 
Tracey walks up to the table and slams her hands down on it, requesting details for time travel, which Mae instantly shuts down. 
Time travel would be fatal for organisms, and also would require the world to be ended. 
Tracey doesn’t accept this, wanting to see evidence and data. 
Also Dani accidently reveals that Sarah is a Gynoid; nobody cares. 
Mae demands to see the Master Ball – Tracey reluctantly takes it out only after Mae has mentioned she’s been taking care of Tim. 
Mae instantly yoinks the ball out of Tracey’s hands. 
“These could work, but we’ll need a set of these,” Mae examines, refusing to give the ball back to Tracey... so Tracey attempts to punch Mae. 
It doesn’t work, Mae stars a psychic thoughtspeak conversation with Tracey, and walks away. Tracey follows. They talk things over.

Meanwhile, the group discusses what’s been going on – apparently OtherRose has been routinely invading the waking world, targeting Tim. 
Madeline suspects it might be OtherRose seeking leverage on Placer. 
Amara verifies that our dreamscapes are back to normal. 
Sarah attempts to repair her shotgun – its batteries are all dead. Also it’s cursed. 
Also apparently there's been an unknown magical girl running around (some ex-conspiracy member who refuses to work with Keith) pulling Tuxedo Mask Killsteal-Then-Vanish acts.

Tracey and Mae return; Tracey apologises to the group for her unprofessionalism. She then requests if the Apocalypse Team has made any data packets they could distribute for exactly this situation. 
NOTE: Mae, Cadence, Amara, and Estelle can now be swapped out 1-for-1 with your own character, like a videogame party member switch around. 

More offscreen things happen. 
Talia and Tracey have a talk at a cafe, Mae and Tracey talk about Timothy, and Sarah and Madeline complete the heist. 
Talia requests a fake psychosphere bracelet from Keith and he says it’ll be ready in about 2 hours. 
Once everyone’s back, Keith gives a presentation about the state of the world. 
Placer tries to avoid talking to Timothy and fails. 
The group decides to take the night off and meet in the clubhouse tomorrow morning.

Month 8 - Monday, Night 1 Part 2: Calm before the Chaos

Character Beats This Episode: 
Placer reunites with his brother, the group makes plans for the future. They agree to spend tonight recuperating and meet in the clubhouse tomorrow morning and go from there. 
Sarah reveals she and Madeline went off to finish the Heist - Sarah would have died if not for Madeline.
Tracey and Talia do a thing, and then Tracey and Mae do a thing.
Estelle can take care of Buddy.

Madeline finds the RAZR phone and pockets it. 
Talia and Tracey show up together. 
Dani stops in but leaves since she can’t go to the psychosphere. 
Sarah shows up late. 
The group agrees to go to the Empire State Building, but Sarah stops to look at her Sarahmobile without telling the group. 
Sarah is seen by Bulma. 
Talia texts Mae, who immediately appears and transports the entire group to their base of operations. 
They chat with the Psychosphere-variant team and get lots of information. 
Psychosphere-Amara can see pretty much everything, and Psychosphere-Mae can show up wherever, whenever. 
Mae takes Talia and Tracey to Batman. 
Talia and Tracey catch up with Batman and receive information about superhero loyalties. 
Tracey receives a bat-phone. 
They leave on foot and get Tracey’s phone switched to her original number. 
Then they port down to the River Styx and get a ride from Charon via Talia’s ferry pass. 
They find that the underworld is very tense. 
There are recent scorch marks and signs of people having recently fled. 
Thor comes and yells at Hades to come fight him. 
Talia and Tracey decide that perhaps Hades isn’t a safe contact right now and agree to try for Lucifer instead.

Month 8 - Tuesday, Day 2 Part 1: Psychosphere Variants OP, Plz Nerf

We find the Razr, which Madeline holds onto.
Sarah breaks from the party to alert Bulma of her presence and gets lectured by Tracey and Talia.
Talia contacts Psychosphere Variant Mae, who teleports the group to a Starlit Batcave. There, they learn Variant Amara is omniscient, that situations are tense but on the whole no war has started yet, opposition hasn't made any major movements.
Mae has told Variants that Keith has promised to give them a show once all this is over as payment.
The Pillbug is undetectable by Variant Amara. It moves around, preferring summits. (e.g. Skyopiea)
Gods are having a civil conflict - Hades and Dionysis stirred up some trouble.
Everyone gets everyone's phone data.
Variant Mae takes half the group to Bulma, half to Batman.
Nyx and other dream-gods are ascendant, says Batman.
Hawkeye (Kate), Captain America, Dr. Strange are the three Marvel characters Batman recommends as safe.
He also offers the Batman-Wolverine hybrid character as a potential recruitment route. 
He gives Tracey a bat-phone. 
Tracey and Talia go get Tracey's phone registered, and then go to hell.
As they walk, they discuss plans - Tracey talks about how she suspects she may be the antichrist.
They sneak in to discover Thor causing chaos.
They decide to pivot and head to the Lux to look for Maze or Lucifer's contact details.

Meanwhile, Madeline and Sarah talk to Bulma - they give Gus' Key to Bulma who finds it icky but can use it to make a compass.
They then (via Sarahmobile) go talk to Satoru Gojou to repair Sarah's cursed shotgun. He needs to hang onto it for a couple of days to repair it. They then leave.

Talia and Tracey leave the underworld and go to the library to find the number for Lux. 
Talia calls Lux and Amenadiel answers the phone. 
Talia talks in her usual manner and Amenadiel comments that Lucifer hangs out with shady people in response. 
Talia hints that she’d like to talk about what the gods are up to and Amenadiel shows up in person. 
Amenadiel shares that Hades tried to take one of Zeus’s kids out of the picture and somehow managed to recreate Balder’s assassination and it caused an incident. 
Amenadiel saw Orion the other day and Orion implied that this may have been a setup. 
Amenadiel also commented that Orion hadn’t been around much these past few months and didn’t seem to be all there. 
Amenadiel offered to take Talia and Tracey to Lux, which they declined in favor of getting Lucifer’s direct number. 
After Amenadiel leaves, Talia comments, “I begin to think we’re going about this completely wrong,” and brainstorms that perhaps they should use the other team’s real world popularity and connections to force changes in the psychosphere. 
They get to Strange’s home and the door opens. 
Talia calls a greeting and Strange meets them. 
Strange states that things have been escalating and that psychosphere character dreams have gotten weird. 
Bits of ideas are starting to go missing, and some psychosphere residents are unable to sleep at all. 
Strange says whatever’s causing it is not of this world, and he can do little to affect it. 
Talia asked permission to enter Strange’s dream; Strange agreed but warned that it might pose a risk. 
Talia and Tracey discuss and decide to put it off until they’re able to convene with others. 
They get Strange’s number and leave. 
Tracey then states that she’s not able to concentrate, and Talia suggests they ought to get somewhere safe before having a conversation. 
They choose to go to the clubhouse. 
After some back and forth, Talia and Tracey settle on a course of action. 
Talia texts an update to Madeline (in case something happens), and then Talia and Tracey will attempt to confront Other Rose.

The group meets at the clubhouse and discusses what both groups learned. 
They decide to go talk to Kevin. 
Talia pointedly asks about their research and the magical girl system. 
Kevin reveals that the magical girl system is causing the rifts and that it’s part of a level of its functioning. 
Kevin shows us a circlet that potentially protects from the dreameater being able to eat the wearer’s consciousness, although it cannot truly be tested. 
Kevin also reports that he thinks his thoughts are compromised and he doesn’t want what he knows to be used for harm. 
Talia and Tracey press for any information he may be withholding, and Kevin agrees to send Keith more schematics. 
Kevin reveals that humans will at some point learn how to weaponize the dreaming against other humans. 
The group then goes through Sarah’s dreamscape to get to Rem Lezar and the server room. 
Talia ignores everything, as usual. 
Sarah breaks down after walking through her core and talks to the group regarding her feelings about not being able to save her family and friends. 
Tracey and Madeline attempt to console her, but Talia provides one blunt response (“The only way to have them back is to follow the exact timeline that created them, and the moment you came back you changed the timeline.”) before excusing herself from the situation. 
Tracey reveals to Talia that Other Rose is now talking to her in her head. 
The group sees Mae, who greets them warmly and asks why they’re there. 
Tracey states that they’ve got questions for the master control program, and they move on to that conversation. 
Tracey gains admin privileges and grants such privileges to Talia, Sarah, Madeline, and Mae. 
Tracey learns that the current system status is yellow and there are 18 active magical girls at this time. 
Sarah identifies that Other Rose caused the system to go into yellow status when the four primary avatars disappeared with the core four entering the House. 
Rem states that Sarah’s avatar is safe but he has difficulty understanding her and doesn’t know where she came from. 
The group then leaves to meet Sarah’s avatar quickly before departing. 
Sarah and Madeline warp to the top level of Sarah's dreamscape.
Tracey and Talia hold hands as they walk through the dreamscape.
The group plans to split, with Tracey and Talia fetching Talia’s laptop and real world cell phone from Keith before going back to Talia’s apartment, and Sarah taking time to rest and process.

The session begins with Talia and Tracey at their apartment, Madeline checking in on her research, and Sarah causing problems. 
Sarah talked to Izaya, then went to leave her contact information with a few different people before going to meet with the Straw Hats. 
Everyone, now including Cadence, regroups at the clubhouse. 
Sarah tries to take the measurements of the group to create armor and Talia refuses. 
Tracey then destroys the measurement device and removes it from the clubhouse. 
Talia does allow Sarah to examine one of her guns. 
Tracey does not allow Sarah to examine her beating stick. 
Sarah tries to lie about her activities and Tracey and Talia reprimand her for it. 
Talia asks Cadence to not give Sarah the bracelet and instead return it to Madeline, and when Cadence balks, Talia messages Mae. 
Mae arrives and comes up with the plan moving forward: Mae will personally escort Sarah to and from the psychosphere and will hand her off to psychosphere-Mae for transportation. 
The respective Amaras will watch Sarah when she’s in reality or the Psychosphere. 
Sarah doesn’t like the plan, but she also doesn’t have a choice. 
Madeline, Tracey, Talia, and Cadence go to the Psychosphere to talk to the variants and Amara fills them in on what Sarah did. 
Amara also provides information that the enemy basically knows that they’re back due to ally movement, and that calling the Dreameater might immediately spark the war. 
The session ends on the current team trying to figure out where to go from here.

The team continues discussing what to do and settles on checking on the spiders. 
In the Dreaming, they find spiders going to holes and filling them with webs. 
After lots of investigation and some help from Other Rose, they realize that on the other side is the psychosphere. 
Every once in a while, the psychosphere blows a hole into the barrier, and spiders fill it with webs. 
When two holes were created right next to each other, the spiders merged, created a bigger spider, and ate Madeline’s sensor. 
The Spider at the End of the World, Atlach-Nacha, is the predator that seeks the Dreameater… and will destroy the barrier between the Psychosphere and the Dreaming if not stopped.





Placer and Talia show up and talk to Sarah. Placer advises her to not become stoic, to talk with Dani, and to keep moving forward.
Sarah advises Placer that he's a dick and should leave her alone. Overall very productive.
Tracey and Valerie discuss their ideologies.
The group goes to the Cave of Spiders.
Placer gets the group past a spider and then leads the group into a pit of snakes (though around many other critters).
Val gets a giant viper (broken-fanged) pet.
The group stops in front of the level exit and the giant-snake level boss.
Val steams forward into the snake and gets constricted. 
The team kills it (thanks to Val distracting it), but Val attempts to heal it anyway and gets almost killed herself as a result.
Group goes forward to find a Basilisk and a river, followed by a Dragon named Dragon.
She bargains with the group; Val tells her backstory, Nocta tells a lie-story with neat glowy magic VFX, and Placer goes all out telling an Ember Isle Players abridgment of Seasons 1 - 3, complete with revisionist history, blatant biases, and several in-jokes poking fun at the tropes of the show. 
As a reward for throwing away his pride for the sake of the mission, Placer is rewarded a choice of magical artifacts - he picks a gift for Talia. 
He promises the Dragon he'll come back in like a year ish to tell more stories as well as nickname her, and then (after Val tries to be stupid again) the group rides Dragon into the abyss.

